" I ' ve never claimed anything , until now ," he adds , as if that were a defence .                                                       
To me the substance matters much more than the timing , so if I can ' t get the right deal in February I will wait and I will keep going .                                 
And while the results are still not complete it looks like we ' ll have about half of the Iowa delegates .                                                     
In the past , we ' ve been less engaged in debate over membership of the EU in Scotland than our neighbours in England .                                               
If you ' re eating 10 or 15 percent more at every meal , that ' s going to add up .                                                     
One thing I would ask is done is that a better explanation is given to them all as to what the effects of any offer being made on them is personally .                                 
President Obama will deliver his final State of the Union address Tuesday at 9 p . m . and is expected to focus on the future , with the 2016 presidential election at stake later this year .                     
We could have simply ignored the book and done nothing - but we were convinced that we had to do something .                                                     
Some social media posts claim the photo was taken in Iraq , however , it ' s unclear when and where the original photo was taken .                                           
This certainly raises questions about the so - called legal advice she claimed to have received from inside the State Department that what she was doing was proper .                                       
In order to protect it as a Warriors " home " game it has been decided that there will be no general public sale , with only a limited number of tickets potentially released today and made available to Glasgow fans first .           
Earlier this week , the index entered a bear market , meaning it was down 20 % from a recent peak .                                                     
However , last week the ' Friday night deal ', which took over an hour to negotiate , appeared to do the trick .                                                 
Sir David added : " We will benefit from having experienced players , while we can provide the level of on field competition that younger Scottish players need to aid their development .                                 
It said : " There is little doubt that the closure of the previous work - study route has been one of the most damaging changes in UK immigration policy for the higher education sector .                           
We sometimes don ' t say it like it is because we think that ' ll play into the hands of the Sweden Democrats ," he said .                                         
It was once Syria ' s largest city and Assad ' s forces may have it surrounded in a matter of days .                                                   
The UK and Scottish governments are working together to tackle the problems that are building up in the North - east , and that ' s how it should be .                                   
In all , an estimated $ 1 . 4 billion is needed for food and other resources in 2016 , according to the government and aid partners .                                         
There is no use kicking yourself when future events make you wonder if it would not have been better to come to a different conclusion .                                             
" Iran has the capacity to become a financial leader in the region and the situation of the region such as refugees can improve if the financial situation of the region gets better ," he said .                       
There were a couple of cases in England last year so you would expect the odd case to pop up here .                                                     
' I was then stuck in the house for nearly two years only going out for short periods of time ,' she said .                                                 
A weekend poll released on Monday by the American Research Group has Kasich in second place at 17 percent among likely Republican voters in New Hampshire .                                           
Just because you ' re standing up for your position which is what she ' s doing doesn ' t mean that you are against their position or against them in that violent way that he ' s referring .                 
It ' s great that I can actually give people at home an indication of what we ' re actually trying to achieve while we ' re out there in different situations .                               
On Friday , that same jury found her guilty of being an Isis member and encouraging acts of terror on social media .                                                   
" You know , the Republicans are going to continue to use it , beat up on me ," she said .                                                     
I think it ' s one of the greatest parts of the game , and I hate to see that given up for a different set of rules in overtime .                                   
The police report expressed relief that no one was killed , but that appears to have been a matter of luck , not the result of any actions on the part of law enforcement .                           
Here ' s a sentence you might not have read before - five women candidates are standing to be included in the race to become the next Mayor of London .                                   
In 2014 , it was reported that such phones were used by those involved in a series of killings in Australia .                                                     
" There was an increased focus on getting a bigger return on the marketing dollars spent in 2016 ," an NRL spokesperson told Fairfax Media .                                             
We don ' t call it the state of the union in the first one , but a joint - session speech .                                                   
' Not if they aren ' t engaged in the business and aren ' t making a living doing it ,' he said .                                                 
" I promise you in the coming period you will see something different that will surprise everyone in terms of military action ," he said .                                             
Nearly half a million new homes in England and Wales have planning permission but are yet to be built , according to recent figures from the Local Government Association .                                     
The woman ' s disability is such that she is unable to say when the sex attack took place - simply that it happened at some point between December 1999 and February 2013 .                             
We have lots of doctors , teachers working in this country and if you don ' t trust them , that ' s going to create discrimination against them .                                     
He then picked up a piece of wood which was lying at the front door and repeatedly hit him on the head .                                                   
Because they don ' t want to run against me , because they know I can stop them in November .                                                       
We scored 71 points but our defense just isn ' t quite there where it needs to be , and they made some big plays .                                             
Victoria came out on top , with residents able to score 55 days off from taking just 20 days of annual leave this year , Queensland were next at 51 days followed by NSW with 50 .                       
I ' ve always said that I ' ve got to look my kids in the eyes and you want to play fair .                                                 
You need to fall in love with exercise , and that ' s a big thing I ' m pushing for ," she said .                                               
The campaign has previously only played radio ads in the state , many of which were targeted to African American voters in the state .                                               
If we feel something ' s preventing that from happening , we ' ll look into it for you and take appropriate action .                                                 
For one , as universities " mission has expanded beyond teaching and research , the job has become much more difficult .                                                     
The report cited regulatory challenges as the top concern of American businesses in China , with labor costs a close second .                                                     
" The more I talked about this idea to other artists , everybody felt the same way I did ," said Osborne .                                                   
The more children we therefore have to cross check against , the more likely it is that we can find these common features and give a diagnosis .                                         
" We ' re not sure if we will get the whole kitchen up and running but we will be doing our best ," he said .                                           
Since 2010 , Amazon has invested more than $ 16 . 3 billion on infrastructure and operations in Europe , with more than $ 6 . 6 billion invested in the UK .                               
But the thing that is most important to me and caused me to run for office is I ' m worried about the country and how much debt we ' re adding .                               
About 30 , 000 Israeli high - school students go on organised week - long trips to Poland every year .                                                       
When I left my husband I wasn ' t thinking about money , I was thinking about my well - being and state of mind .                                             
Once the product launched , positive reviews meant that investors approached the firm , rather than him being forced to seek out funding .                                                 
I just happen to think that this go - round we have a very unusual possibility if he makes it that far .                                                   
Earlier this week , Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said if elected president he will advocate for the states to call a constitutional convention to impose term limits on members of Congress .                               
The players are from all over the country , all parts of society and they are able to play together and win .                                                   
There hasn ' t been a big winner since then , although there have been smaller winners of $ 1 million and $ 2 million .                                             
They ' ve got to make it much easier to find something interesting , but we have known that for a long time and they haven ' t managed it .                                   
But the Google agreement could be seen as a " success " in so far as it would help to change the behaviour of other large companies , he said .                                   
We want to re - group institutions so that they can run as a single organisation , in terms of strategy , research and training .                                             
" It was always going to be tough in that group but the Wales game was the key one and you look back at it and the selection and style of play definitely did change ," he says .                   
For example , the Broadway version of the 2003 Hollywood comedy hit School Of Rock , for which he wrote the book , opened last month in New York .                                     
Some studies have suggested low - level drinking could protect men from heart disease but the guidance says this is no longer the case .                                               
I came back and had to text my friend because I actually didn ' t know when school was going back , I thought it was a week later .                                     
" I don ' t have a response ," Clinton said when asked if the controversy could hurt his wife ' s campaign on Thursday .                                             
But the risk to human health in this case is considered " very low ," according to Health Protection Scotland .                                                       
The hospital released no further details about the patient but it says that there is little risk of it spreading in Denmark because the mosquito carrying the virus isn ' t found in the country .                         
The world ' s most powerful investment bank had previously threatened to shift resources away from Britain if referendum voters back an exit .                                                 
" We ' re serving every student who could come to the university and be successful here ," he said .                                                       
But the relationship fell apart and he moved out soon after she returned from Africa and reportedly ended his affair soon after .                                                   
But when we got the call , our goal was -- we ' re not going to have them end up on the street .                                               
There ' s still some uncertainty about what effect a weekend storm will have on southern New England , but officials are preparing for the worst .                                           
The Guardian ' s report of the the initial story has since been taken down and is under investigation by the readers " editor .                                               
I threw up in the first five minutes of our first session , and he thought I was never going to come back , but I went back to him the next day .                             
He signed a new contract in October 2014 which has him tied to the club until the summer of 2019 - putting the French champions in a strong position in any transfer negotiations .                             
" This was a once in a life opportunity , they couldn ' t let it go ," one person familiar with the deal told Reuters .                                           
I thought I was completely forgotten because a new generation had appeared and to this new generation our names weren ' t even mentioned and our work wasn ' t shown .                                 
A pain forecast " would enable me to change my behaviour and activity and manage my life better ," she added .                                                     
And I think we have support because people over the years have seen the work that I am doing in standing up for working families and the middle class .                                     
We need to have that other person to bring it up and we ' re right there in the ball game .                                                     
At the end of the experiment , I wasn ' t dying to get my phone back or to access Facebook .                                                     
And that says nothing of the talent Kelly showed the door during his three - year run that likely set the franchise back as long , if not longer .                                     
" If we hadn ' t travelled business class , there is no doubt our recovery would not have been as good as it had been ," he said .                                     
Once the ties have been decided the FA Cup fourth round will be played between Friday February 29 and Monday March 1 .                                                   
The question now is which Rubio will show up at Thursday ' s final debate before voting begins in Iowa .                                                       
Clinton often spoke about foreign affairs with Blair such as potential peace in Ireland and the situations in Iraq and Russia .                                                     
The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application / type for the competitive landscape analysis .                                                   
" America needs a President who will push back against the growth of government -- and mean it ," the former New Mexico governor said in the email .                                       
But when it came down to it , he let five of his own guys get killed trying to protect him , then he gave himself up without a fight .                                   
" What is important is that you get to a much better position in the medium run ," he says .                                                       
" Speaking to him and looking at his body language , I think he ' s in a good place so hopefully what ' s happened this week won ' t affect his cricket too much ," White said .                 
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday it is likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief granted to Iran under a landmark nuclear deal will go to groups deemed terrorists .                   
It would be a good thing , both for the UK finances and for the image of these great companies , if they paid more .                                             
She won the Brisbane International leading into the first major of the season , and dropped only five games in her first three rounds at Melbourne Park .                                         
It is hard , especially not seeing our families , but we knew it was going to be tough ," she said .                                                   
" All that time he was like a great father to me and I ' m very grateful ," she told the website .                                                 
He said his men respect and love him because they know he will be there behind them when they go into combat .                                                   
" I ' m proud that I got into this position ," said the world number two , who suffered his fifth final defeat .                                               
" I ' ve adopted a New Year ' s resolution ," Clinton said when a man asked her what she thought about Trump ' s claim that she and President Barack Obama created ISIS .                         
The top - ranked Djokovic has now beaten Murray in four of the five finals he ' s lost at the Australian Open .                                                 
We must break from the politics of the past and do what is right for the long term future of our state .                                                   
They recently asked Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr . to keep the map from taking effect until after the 2016 election ; a decision on that request has not yet been made .                           
Most Sanders supporters interviewed over the weekend said they could easily support Hillary Clinton if she ended up as the Democratic nominee .                                                   
A senior opposition official suggested the opposition may not travel to Geneva in the absence of confidence - building measures by the government regarding humanitarian issues .                                           
If that really was thanks to their background reading , well , it clearly didn ' t do us any harm .                                                     
The idea of providing a window into an artists life behind the scenes isn ' t new , but it ' s becoming more common in music services .                                       
He didn ' t have the internet at home and he didn ' t like to be in strange or unknown places for too long .                                             
Other travel companies may say they are gay - friendly but when you look at the website , there are no gay couples holding hands , for example .                                       
We were such a popular act when we first started in 2008 and we had great success , so it was just a matter of time before we got the band back together .                             
At the moment the kids can walk to school on their own ... but we worry that that will all change ... we also worry about terrorism .                                         
I bought my one - bedroom flat for £ 68 , 000 and eventually sold it a couple of years later for £ 85 , 000 .                                           
The shop is near to a busy road and at this time there may have been a few people about .                                                       
Well , I mean , he ' s led the way , to be honest with you ; what he ' s done on immigration , when he signed those papers .                                 
" Even with the best efforts of the firefighters we are expecting the worst in the coming hours ," he told Reuters .                                                   
The annual speech to Congress , which is broadcast on prime time television , is an opportunity for the president to update the nation on his policies and set out a plan for the year ahead .                       
Although he scored on his debut , he found first - team opportunities hard to come by and hasn ' t made a single appearance this season .                                         
It was shocking to me , given all the work that I had done in the past to get us to be paid fairly .                                               
How long that is going to take I don ' t know , but I don ' t think winning a cup will help us to keep players .                                       
He has said the group will leave when there is a plan to transfer control of federal land to locals .                                                       
However , the Tory minister later told the Scottish Affairs committee that he would listen to concerns and take them to the prime minister .                                               
He cited the risk of some countries in the European Union wanting to re - establish borders within the 28 - nation bloc , as security issues grow over the lack of checks .                             
What is in it for him is that he can make his first moves towards becoming the next head coach .                                                       
Chris ' parents went about studying everything they could about their son ' s condition and visiting the greatest medical institutions in the country looking for guidance .                                         
Miami and the Los Angeles Lakers were the only teams to have home games on both Christmas and New Year ' s Day this season .                                             
However , many schools don ' t feel as confident as Smith in handling the duty imposed on them by the government , and may instead prefer to avoid discussion .                                   
I don ' t see it as any different from the five - a - day campaign : we know what we should be eating , but so many of us don ' t do it .                       
A friend of the Harris family told the Daily Star Sunday : " They have had estate agents in and out of the house .                                                 
That ' s why when I see her doing it , I keep thinking to myself she ' s got something special .                                                   
As long as they survive across Syria and Iraq , it is difficult to say how the borders will settle .                                                       
The Interior Ministry didn ' t get back in time with answers to CNN questions about reports of police violations .                                                       
He said that they are usually turned down , but each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .                                                       
Three years ago , the programme ' s cost was estimated at around $ 3 billion , and it has obviously risen still further .                                               
But some tech companies - even those that may want to work closely with Washington - find the idea toxic to their business interests .                                               
The relevant point here is that typically we wouldn ' t ever ask a man this same question when asking him about his career .                                               
But now I look at him and he ' s done so well for himself to give me and our family the life we have .                                             
In the interviews , a former Japanese soldier said women were required to have sex with 50 to 100 soldiers a day .                                                   
In the Fox News poll he had 34 per cent among Republican voters with Ted Cruz , the Texas senator , in second on 23 per cent , and Marco Rubio , the Florida senator , in third on 12 per cent .           
I went through five or six pages and said this is some of the best writing I ' ve read in my life .                                                 
We work hard on it and I hope in the next two or three days we get to the end of it .                                                   
Colombia ' s health ministry has advised women to delay becoming pregnant for six to eight months to avoid possible risks related to the Zika virus .                                           
The report said collaboration between the two countries has improved in the last year , but cited concerns about corruption among Mexican authorities .                                                 
" So when we face unprecedented and unexpected flooding we are able to give help to families when they need it ," he added .                                               
We ' ll have meetings in Dubai ( in January ) with a lot of the chief executives and certainly be talking to counterparts at Pakistan and South Africa .                                     
That would allow Mr Cameron to tell voters he had secured a deal on both in and out of work benefits ahead of the British referendum .                                           
We had to fight to keep that deep red color because there were people saying it was just too much trouble to produce it .                                               
People seeking asylum are not allowed to work and are only entitled to a £ 36 . 95 weekly payment card from the government .                                               
But it ' s also the way that health insurance works : depending on a large pool of healthy people to fund the higher health - care costs of those who do get sick .                           
This is a minimum of one out of two , and we ' re not just talking about their whole life .                                                     
I may hate my bigger nose but I soon discovered that it is definitely better than anything I could create with this app .                                                 
The survey findings come amid continuing concerns that many young people may be spending too much time online or watching TV .                                                     
" The way I look at it right now , I look at them equal ," said the 22 - year - old Masters and U . S . Open champion .                                 
This summer , they may end up making it instead as refugee athletes competing in the Olympic Games for a flag rather than a nation .                                             
That is a major reason why Bernie Sanders has linked the need for healthcare for all to his signature issue of the income gap .                                               
Most of British business has so far sat on its hands , although according to a Financial Times survey , only 1 % of British business leaders are for leaving .                                   
They found that many claimed to be from Syria but were mostly from North Africa , a suspicion which has already been widely reported .                                               
That is a risk you take , it was a poor game and we didn ' t create so much and neither did our opponent .                                             
He ' s a liberal Democrat and , win or lose , he ' s in the mainstream of the left wing of the Democratic party .                                           
There are now just 13 days remaining for clubs to sign players - will it be a period that ' s lucky for some ?                                               
He knows that at times , as I ' ve told him , because I care about him so much as a basketball player and as a person , I ' m going to be hard on him .                   
We enjoy a strong , historic relationship , based on common values and support for democracy , the rule of law , human rights and open markets .                                         
There is a huge prize for Britain if we can deal with the things that drive us up the wall about Europe .                                                   
What do you drive past two to three times a week and say " If I ' m elected I am going to fix that ?                                             
Still , it ' s far from certain that either the finance - focused start - ups or the bigger technology companies have found a way to generate sustainable profits from investment features .                             
Police believe the body of a fourth passenger in a deadly light plane crash off the Victorian coast could still be inside the plane .                                               
You know I think when I am thinking about these guys returning home today , they ' re never going to be the person they were before they were captured .                                   
If the FBI needs to follow up on something in a background check , they currently have three days to do it .                                                   
I usually don ' t put veterans in down the stretch like that and I asked him and he said , " I want to go , I want to play ," which was very nice .                         
It ' s a similar story for point guard Chris Paul , whose average of 32 . 0 minutes is down from 34 . 8 .                                             
Though the fact that he got caught was thanks to the co - operation between police forces in four different countries .                                                     
If they want to get serious about the northern economy they should stop moving civil service jobs to London , and start providing proper support instead of empty promises .                                     
Parker scored 14 points with 12 rebounds , to keep up with Arizona ' s Ryan Anderson , who had 15 and 15 .                                                 
You want to build the facilities where the athletes could train and feel at home right next to where they were living during their time .                                             
I know people want to see 49 - 48 but I don ' t think it ' s going to be that way ," he said .                                           
In recent days , several top Republicans appear to be coming to terms with a potential Trump victory in Iowa over Cruz .                                                   
But probably there is something that keeps us behind , and I still can ' t understand what it is ," she said .                                                 
According to a statement , use of the drug resulted in an average overall survival of 7 . 9 months in the overall study population .                                             
Most were born or now work in the United States , but Kenya , South Africa , Nigeria , Great Britain , Japan and Canada are also home , past or present .                               
They say they ' re performing a service to the country , and claim they aren ' t making much money from their tour .                                               
It was a shock when , after 11 years of marriage , the two announced they were breaking up in 2010 .                                                     
There were " several dozen " emails in question , according to Fox News , beyond the two previously reported emails containing top secret information .                                             
" Michael ' s our player and we can ' t stop clubs asking a question about him ," Wright told BBC Scotland .                                                 
She was the second SNP MP to leave the party following Edinburgh West MP ' s Michelle Thomson suspension over allegations of mortgage fraud involving property deals .                                         
In announcing his intention to stand again , Tony Abbott has stated he wants to focus on improving transport links on the northern beaches .                                               
That six - year old question feels even more relevant after Bristol City appointed Lee Johnson , son of the club ' s former manager Gary , as their new head coach last Saturday 6 February 2016 .                     
" Sometimes you just have to block people in life that you once believed to be your friend ," Evans responded .                                                     
Today ' s report that former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a 2016 presidential run raises a few questions .                                                   
He said it was ' difficult to say at this stage ' whether the attack involved one person or more .                                                       
She said that due to the nature of the accident her vehicle lost power and she could not get out .                                                       
" Trump offered to appear at the debate upon the condition that Fox News contribute $ 5 million to his charities ," the network said in a statement .                                       
The survey ' s overall wage and salary index rose sharply from October to its highest level in more than a decade .                                                   
Their values are my values and I am proud to ride for a team that has shown that you can win the biggest bike races in the world clean .                                     
" I thought I could help because I could see the space between the lines and this is the way I want to play ," he said .                                         
" It might sound funny given what happened on the pitch but it was the best game I have ever been to ," Martin said .                                             
That ' s a big statement , which has no reason to be true - but it is , in this case .                                                   
But our commitment to teachers has always been that we would get them the devices first to give them time to play and get familiar with them .                                         
Since the end of the global financial crisis in 2009 , the share going to the top 1 per cent has risen from 44 per cent to 50 per cent .                                   
Over the past decade in America , more than 100 , 000 people have been killed as a result of gun violence , the White House says .                                         
There aren ' t words for most of the relationships in English or in French - or if there are , they sound wrong .                                               
But , evidence suggests that parents can use simple techniques to help their child build their confidence in what they can achieve .                                                   
So , perhaps the most interesting figure from Facebook ' s earnings report is just how much each and every user is worth , on average , to the social network .                                 
Last September , Austria and Germany opened their borders to refugees and migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East , Afghanistan and other conflict - torn regions .                                     
In the end , they were aggressive and really wanting to get a good result , and we didn ' t have that enough .                                               
But in October , a federal judge in Oregon ruled their terms were too short under U . S . law and ordered them back to prison for about four years each .                               
I like dealing with people , there is a passion about that whether it is working with them on a training ground or dealing with a 16 - year - old who has a problem I can help him out with .             
" I don ' t know what happened , but there wasn ' t any money involved from my end ," she said .                                                 
To take his journey through the city I was looking for answers not just about what is there now , but how it grew .                                               
" Foreign fighters who have returned to Australia are considered by law enforcement and security agencies on a case - by - case basis ," she said .                                         
One key to the referendum ' s outcome will be how Europe looks to British voters at the moment the referendum is held .                                                 
Whether it is health , guns or a Donald Trump rally , the US can be really very different from the UK .                                                   
The new top tweets section is targeted at people who aren ' t away from Twitter that long , but may follow hundreds or thousands of people and might not see tweets they may find relevant .                       
He said : " I saw the car running over the little girl , I ran towards her but by the time I got to her she was already up and walking .                                 
The site , the exact location of which we ' ve been asked not to reveal in order to protect it , is 1 , 100 square meters and 2 meters ( 6 feet ) below the modern ground surface .               
The whole trip came as a total surprise for the 60 - year - old , who lives in a rural Polish village , and has never travelled beyond the country for a holiday .                           
It emerged yesterday that the cat and at least one dog had been left in the care of a man while the family who own them went on holiday .                                     
Any team that win the title need a bit of luck along the way and , on Sunday , Spurs got some with that decision .                                             
The moderate opposition remains firm in its struggle to combat the Syrian regime , as well as the growing threat from terrorism in Syria .                                               
It is a major coup for Wales , which beat off more than 20 other countries to secure the deal .                                                       
' We have all seen the pictures of the desperate conditions people are living in across Europe , including just miles from the UK ' s border .                                         
Many former aides have signed on with New Jersey Gov . Christie , who is hoping an impressive Iowa showing can launch him to victory eight days later in New Hampshire .                                 
But it ' s almost impossible to re - introduce a woman who has been in the spotlight for so long , and whom everybody believes they know .                                       
" There is no evidence that there is a level of exercise that is dangerous or too much for a normal , healthy person ," Thompson told me .                                       
He felt that more countries would become like Cuba if America wasn ' t the strongest country in the world .                                                       
The New York Times reported Wednesday that the campaign has two ads ready to go - one , a positive spot ; the other , an attack on Clinton ' s Wall Street ties .                           
One , in certain areas of the country this could lead to fewer properties being bought by investors - therefore reducing demand and potentially price .                                             
The newspaper backed Clinton in the 2008 presidential election and endorsed her twice during her two New York races for the U . S . Senate .                                           
He called the nuclear test a " self - defensive " measure his country had to take in the face of American nuclear threats .                                               
That school , however , has only a basic after - school arts program , so now she is left searching for other options .                                               
It ' s the latest of a number of task forces and investigations into the causes of the pollution and how to make things right for Flint .                                         
Because you ' d get used to them , and you didn ' t know how to function without them ," he explained .                                                 
It would be great to get a couple of wins , not only for myself but for my country " he said .                                                   
It can ' t be about box office , because I think black actors and stories along those lines have been doing very , very well , obviously .                                       
More details will also be given on its plans to reform education after criticism of its record on closing the gap between rich and poor pupils .                                           
I ' ve got a guy I can really scheme with , the rest of the guys can kind of fall in line from that .                                             
Their investments are also saving people thousands of dollars a year , despite claims by the fossil fuel industry that clean energy would cost more .                                             
" I was really stressed about it , but when you have children you have to button it up ," she said .                                                   
" It ' s good [ being on the board ] because I know what is going on ," he added .                                                     
The nearly five - year conflict has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people and created a massive refugee crisis in the region as well as in Europe .                                       
But the limited benefits from reducing class size come at a cost ; there are many cheaper and more effective ways to improve educational performance .                                             
Once you reach state pension age , you won ' t have to pay it at all - even if you ' re still working .                                             
Now , however , scientists say drinking a strong coffee in the morning can deliver a much needed boost without setting the heart racing .                                               
In a Middle East torn apart by war and conflict , fighters are increasingly using food as a weapon of war .                                                     
She said : ' When you are told your child has cancer , you are just left in a state of shock .                                                     
Yet in his referendum negotiations the Prime Minister is seeking only a limit to the benefits EU workers can claim .                                                       
The industry also claims soft drinks are responsible for only the fifth biggest source of sugar in a family diet , below milk and cream .                                             
To be truly elite , we have to buy into a set of values and principles that we believe in .                                                       
These ancient humans lived across much of Europe and Asia for almost 200 , 000 years before modern humans arrived between 60 , 000 and 40 , 000 years ago .                                   
" This is a difficult but important conversation , and it ' s time for big changes ," she said .                                                       
" There are lots of reasons why Americans today are feeling left out and left behind ," Obama ' s former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at Thursday night ' s Democratic primary debate .                         
The 27 - year - old was on the bench for the majority of the game before taking the field late into the fourth quarter as part of the special teams unit .                               
The court said the ruling applied to all acts that have been taken or will be taken by the current assembly .                                                     
The poll ' s results suggested that if a new election were held now , three of the five parties in parliament would lose all their seats .                                         
The changes would focus on reducing personal income tax and , " to the extent that is possible ," cutting company tax .                                                     
He said the party did not process the information it was picking up from voters properly , and as a result members of the shadow cabinet were sent to campaign in the wrong places .                           
It ' s a great club and we have shown people we can be fighting up there at the top of the league .                                                 
Many experts said officials should have expected such an attack , because in recent years , violence has nearly always followed signs of warming ties between India and Pakistan .                                     
They discussed how the UK could help with plans to reform the economy in particular on energy , transparency , energy and science .                                                 
" Out there you can see you saying , " well played " and those sorts of things ( to his opponent ) - has that been helping you ?" the journalist asked .                                 
In a 2012 interview . he compared his critics to the eighth - grade basketball coach who wouldn ' t include him in the team even though he hit every shot .                                 
' But when I did this signature all of a sudden I was receiving letters and phone calls telling me I couldn ' t ' have it .                                         
That ' s all you can do as a player : stick on the shirt every week and play as well as you can and try to get in the squad .                                 
Its truth - telling take on economic issues -- America ' s and , by extension , the world ' s -- concerns everyone , rich and poor , left and right .                               
The armed groups - three of the largest of which are listed below - have a complex relationship with the Iraqi state .                                                   
He said : ' It is entirely possible that if somebody doesn ' t like where they are being sent , that they simply re - apply again later in order to get sent somewhere else .                         
We are taking action in line with our policies against those who played a key part in this incident and we have also been in contact with the police .                                     
It is so lovely of you to take an interest in my appearance , but the truth is that anyone who has made clothes for me is now dead or at least out of the workplace .                       
We have just got to make sure we are well prepared and if we deliver the level of performance we are capable of we will be a match for most teams .                                 
" It ' s nice they ' ve asked for the South African girls to be part of it ," she said .                                                   
Is that the one where you sit on the floor and don ' t learn to read until you ' re 7 ?                                                   
The first estimate of gross domestic product ( GDP ) for the final quarter of 2015 is due to be published later .                                                   
" It ' s sad that it took an investigation by the BBC to get the documents off the internet ," they said .                                                 
But the Government would be allowed to create a new ' social payment ' for young British adults to ensure nobody here was left out of pocket .                                         
Martin said that he ' d lived in Scotland for years and would be remaining north of border regardless of the outcome tonight .                                                 
We talk about the young players making the transition from academy football to first - team football , getting the quality of challenge , then European football would be perfect for us .                               
We have research that says girls as young as five years old are worried about the way they look and their size .                                                   
That way , you ' re making it absolutely clear that you have problems , but that you have no intention of discussing them .                                               
And a win tonight could mean they have a good chance of winning the Academy Award for their performances next month .                                                     
I ' m not the most social person , so to get this from you guys means absolutely everything to me .                                                     
And almost as soon as we set foot in the door , he was offering to drive us down to the local pub for dinner that evening .                                         
He told police she took hold of his hand and moved it herself to her chest , the jury has heard .                                                     
Texas Governor Greg Abbott , an abortion opponent , stressed that the grand jury decision would not impact the state ' s own investigation into the case .                                         
The couple said they heard the sounds of rushing water coming from the locked room , but decided to ignore it .                                                     
But I guess you can ' t see , you are just on your big old mission of self destruction , the only one you know and understand .                                       
It also urged patients to get tested and said it was providing free testing for those who may have been exposed .                                                     
George W . Bush has been an even bigger presence -- even before he takes to the campaign trail this weekend to support his brother ' s effort in South Carolina .                                 
A year to focus resources , thinking and community action into the A - League to kick - start the next stage of growth .                                               
The City was encouraged by Sky ' s results with the company ' s share price rising 2 . 2 % in early trading .                                               
He said Dylan had been hit by a car but when I ran outside I could not find him or hear him .                                                   
" If Obama had been a really good president , we wouldn ' t have this uncertainty ," he said .                                                       
This latest poll , which took place January 26 - 29 , has Clinton ahead of Sanders by only 3 points .                                                     
A spokesman would only say : ' We do not have information about the escape of the man and have no orders to catch him .                                               
Even if Leicester City win the Premier League this season , that would not match the scale of what Corbyn managed to achieve .                                                 
We call for all men to stand up and hold those who commit acts of violence against women and children to account .                                                   
Black smoke could be seen from the area , and more than 75 firefighters knocked down the fire within 20 minutes .                                                     
Most Australians wouldn ' t have heard of the then Chief of Army but he delivered a message that could not ignored .                                                   
' The president has said he would like to go if the conditions are right ,' a U . S . official said .                                                 
The 21 - year - old man and his brother are long - term German residents , while the two 14 - year - olds live in Switzerland and the Netherlands .                                 
Two players start out with five hundred and one points , and each tries to be the first to reduce his score to zero .                                               
" I ' m keen for the people who were involved in this crime to take responsibility ," she said .                                                       
" We don ' t know whether these names are right , whether these people exist , and where they are if they do ," he told reporters .                                       
A series of measures needs to be put in place at a young offenders ' unit after allegations staff assaulted teenage boys , the government has been urged .                                       
I know there was only about 10 , 000 people in the ground but I have met three and a half million since who say they were there .                                       
The plan , which is expected to take effect in September 2017 , will be open to public comment but does not require congressional approval .                                             
She said she was in the car park when Campbell climbed into the drivers ' seat of a vehicle , prompting her to offer him £ 20 to get a taxi instead .                               
" Research has shown that 40 % of the women responding to our survey just didn ' t have the evidence to apply for legal aid ," Scott said .                                     
It feels like only yesterday that my children were growing into young adults , and now I find myself living in hell .                                                   
On the other , the city ' s unemployment rate is more than 10 %, compared with just 6 % for the rest of Germany .                                             
About 1 , 000 men were gathered on the square in front of the city ' s main station on Thursday night , although only a small number of them are believed to have been involved in the attacks .                 
" I can think of no greater honour than to have the opportunity to serve my country and the people of Northern Ireland as their first minister ," she said .                                   
We have 29 million people without any health insurance , and John , they wait a very long time to get healthcare .                                                   
Three current Premier League managers have been thrown onto the list of potential managers of Chelsea next season , according to different reports .                                                 
It was about human relationships , about giving people hope , treating people as responsible adults , making them take decisions about their own lives .                                             
She said she has spoken to Miss Morgan - Davies about the nice side of her mother - the side she never got to see .                                             
They then estimated how the reduction would affect body weight per person , and overall results for the adult population .                                                       
I need to play the right tennis , as I ' ve been playing over the past month , and really take it to him .                                             
And buyers spent £ 10 . 7 billion on houses in November - an enormous 18 per cent increase from a year before .                                                 
December 19 : Simpson - Kent was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .                                                   
Although the UN had received a copy on Monday ( as a member of the UN security council , the UK would automatically have had a copy ) the government had not " officially " received , he said .                 
So I think Jones will be disappointed with the kicking he got from his midfield and Mike Brown at full - back .                                                   
Police in Munich evacuated two train stations , urged people to avoid crowds and warned of a possible attack just before midnight .                                                   
As soon as the deal fell through a propaganda war not seen since the end of the cold war over what had gone wrong began .                                             
Your bank has asked you where you are resident as new financial reporting rules will come into force next year , and the bank is required to report the fact you have a bank account in France to your country of residence .           
He was aggressive when he beat Djokovic in the Canadian Open final but that was over the best of three sets .                                                     
Then , the same thing happened again and again so I suggested he could use what he ' d learned to help his friends , and he built a website .                                   
The project has fallen two years behind schedule and faced a wide range of legal , political and technical challenges .                                                       
But that ' s not to stay if big changes eventually occur in terms and conditions in England that the Welsh government won ' t have to consider the implications carefully .                                 
Christie ' s campaign pointed to a speech he gave in May 2015 , about a month and a half before announcing his run for the presidency .                                         
He said : " What I ' m trying to achieve here is to understand the nature of the refugee crisis that ' s facing the whole of Europe .                                       
The U . S . Energy Information Administration forecasts that the average price of U . S . benchmark crude this year will rise about 4 percent over 2015 .                                     
This is an exciting group of players and an exciting team which has shown incredible signs , but you can only achieve if you perform for 90 minutes and show the know how .                             
The government and its allies say it is up to the Syrian people to decide Assad ' s fate in a fair election .                                                 
Food for thought : If you work on a fixed annual wage , today is just one more day ' s work than you would usually have to do for your salary .                               
Rubio appeared to pick up support among late - deciding voters and is doing best among those who say they decided who to support in the last week .                                       
They gave up 18 points in the first on 30 . 4 % shooting , 18 in the third on 30 % shooting and 19 in the fourth on 38 . 9 % shooting .                           
The main idea was to just have a collective and community because when you ' re out on your own you can go a bit crazy .                                           
It ' s been such a tough time for my family and I . 2015 was the worst year of our lives - nobody could ever have predicted this .                                     
" There won ' t be any questions and you ' ll know from here on out ," he said .                                                       
He led most every national poll conducted in late 2014 and traded leads with Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , among others , early in 2015 .                                           
I have no doubt in my mind he will have received excellent care from the police but it ' s hardly ideal .                                                   
' It was a life I lived when I was young and it is for young people because it is very demanding ,' she explained .                                             
" Right now we are enjoying a golden age because there is so much public interest in football and we have to keep it going ," he told Reuters .                                     
I ' m certainly not keen to jump into a full - time coaching role next season by any stretch .                                                       
I just hope it doesn ' t affect the crowd and the crowd don ' t drop off now they know I ' ve signed .                                             
The man using the name had taken ' significant effort ' to avoid having his name recorded by the government departments , agencies or businesses , police said in a statement .                                 
It ' s something that ' s what gets put out there , how we attack work every day , the players .                                                   
Last Tuesday , the department denied the shelter ' s request for registration , citing numerous problems including lack of fresh water and proper shelter .                                             
State officials in New York had expected up to 18 inches of snow , but more than 30 inches fell in some places .                                                 
The disease , which can only be diagnosed after death , is linked to repeated brain trauma and associated with symptoms such as memory loss , depression and progressive dementia .                                   
I think as you approach these voters in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , the campaign needs to be more serious and needs to be about things people care about .                               
He is supporting Bush and cannot understand the knock against him because his brother and father have also had the job .                                                     
The team received a letter that stated the girls teams was too talented and other teams don ' t want to play to their higher standards .                                           
" I interview people all the time who can ' t wait to move from Michigan or Wisconsin or Iowa ," he said .                                                 
" We want to support him when he ' s speaking about the border and migration ," the migrant said .                                                       
I work out what is best for the individuals in front of me and explain it to them as best I can .                                                   
Women tend to monitor and think about relationships more than men do , and they tend to become aware of relationship problems more quickly .                                               
It ' s fair to say that neither Dave nor Jeremy are in total control of their parties right now .                                                       
emails is " the first thing I do when I wake up and the last thing I do before I go to sleep ," she says .                                           
Some of the airport is closed for maintenance work at night so we are also in communication with those working on the ground .                                                 
Of the students who reported harassment , 32 percent of girls said they didn ' t want to go to school as a result , compared to 25 percent of boys .                                 
Jason also admitted that while he ' s no fan of the PM , he thought very highly of his wife .                                                     
I am still at the beginning of my career but I believe this is the place to develop and learn from some of the best players in the world .                                     
I was 34 and it ' s probably fair to say that I hadn ' t gone without alcohol for more than 48 hours during the previous 15 years .                                     
But more than two and a half years on all but 10 % of those plans are behind schedule and only two were completed by December , the time of the last progress report .                           
You know , the ones you look through when you ' re certain you want to end a relationship , only to see all the good things you had forgotten about .                                 
White said that no arrest have been made , but a person of interest in connection with the incident is being questioned .                                                   
She didn ' t spell out her reaction to being put on leave , or what she would do next .                                                       
A court , board , commission or other government authority may request a doctor ' s professional opinion in a case it is considering .                                               
I learned a couple of years ago that Melbourne is famous for its coffee , which I would have never even known .                                                   
Most recently , a train engineer and a passenger were killed in May when a train hit a vehicle in western Germany , and another 20 people were injured .                                     
Even during the recession , luxury vehicle sales held steady , never dropping below 12 percent of the U . S . auto market .                                               
It said a lot that three of the key players in the military ' s long , hard look at itself over its treatment of women were nominated for Australian of the Year .                             
So we ' ve got to find us a way to get a home win because there were 12 , 000 people here that wanted to win , and I love those fans that are here .                       
A young teacher whose body was found in a four - star hotel on Christmas Eve only met her date 24 hours earlier and checked in with him hours before she died .                               
West Virginia has won eight of the nine meetings with the Red Raiders and its seventh straight win in the series since joining the Big 12 Conference .                                         
We tried to have a bit more structure but we all knew that we hadn ' t been good enough .                                                       
While Apple made no mention of China in its fiscal fourth - quarter earnings statement , the company may have more to say when it reports first - quarter results on Jan .                               
Its forecast for 2016 core earnings of $ 8 . 15 and $ 8 . 35 per share was well below the average analyst estimate of $ 9 . 43 , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .           
" You have to have someone who is a proven fighter , somebody who has taken them on and win ," she said .                                                 
Murray has reached the final at Melbourne Park four times in the past six years and his failure to go all the way has inspired a new early - season strategy .                                 
It ' s a course on which you can go low , but if you hit it off - line , you can make a big number .                                         
But it would be really great to have someone who knows energy and is pro - responsible development to be in charge .                                                   
The PM was " very keen " to hold discussions and sometimes they would meet four times a week , the committee was told .                                               
" They said that , when the new manager comes in , things might change , but it ' s a " no " at the minute ," he said .                                   
Cameron hopes to agree a package of measures with fellow national leaders at a European Union summit in three weeks .                                                       
I have always made it clear that my children are welcome to come and live with me at any time and I have made sure I was able to support them properly when that would happen .                       
A spokesman for the U . N . secretary - general acknowledged " an increase of military activity across the board in Syria " in the hours leading up to the cease - fire .                           
Just when I understood what the numbers were that I ' m looking at , it ' s what broke my heart .                                                   
I think in my early days I stood out - I probably still do - but certainly some people recognised me from the media coverage .                                             
26 , the company recorded $ 75 . 9 billion in revenue , up 2 % from $ 74 . 6 billion in the same quarter last year .                                       
The online retailer has been holding meetings to license music over the past several weeks , though the plan is said to be in its early stages .                                         
The woman , who set up the camera in the hope of catching the dogs in the act , returns to the room to find them playing on the floor .                                   
' I could still feel the strength of her hand trying to go for me , so I hit her straight away a third time ', he said .                                       
" I think we do have a path to victory ," he said , adding that California and New York later in the primary season are also potential wins .                                     
The move is part of a series of Scottish government reforms to ensure cases are heard in the right courts .                                                       
I think I ' ve only won once in the all the times I have played there , the crowd really gets behind them and are very vocal but it ' s a fun place to play as well .                 
It is to Liverpool ' s credit , then , that they managed to stay in this game for as long as they did .                                               
It was reported on Tuesday that there will be more plastic than fish by 2020 , read the full report here .                                                     
The problem , says Mr Bush , is that directors are taking little , or no , risk , as they aren ' t investing their own money .                                       
The Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has said that no junior doctor working less than 56 hours will see their pay cut - and said no doctor should have to work longer than those hours under the new contract .                   
The work , which took four years to complete , was started in 2012 and compared patients with HIV in Africa with those in Europe .                                             
All " non - emergency personnel " at the base were told to " run , hide or fight ," in a Facebook message posted on the centre ' s official page .                               
" I feel there is so much I am not doing right yet but in nine months of solid training I have gone from 10 . 6 to 10 . 2 ," he said .                           
The hard thing about the cup is that so many things can happen in a one - off game that you could never predict , like a red card or a decision that goes against you .                       
It is really a time to slow everything down and try to remember that most people don ' t really care about that stuff .                                               
But we didn ' t know by how much , and we didn ' t have a basis for how that might change in the future .                                           
We would need to get a buy - to - let mortgage on the flat - the existing mortgage is in my name only .                                               
Much of the growth in loan revenues occurred late in the year , such that the increase should provide greater loan revenues for subsequent periods .                                             
Two Munich train stations that were shut down for several hours on New Year ' s Eve over fears of a terrorist attack by militants from Syria and Iraq are operating again .                               
While Christie did the work everyone in the race was hoping for , it increasingly looked like he wouldn ' t be the candidate to benefit .                                           
The 20 - episode series is scheduled to shoot early this year in Mexico , and will air in late 2016 .                                                     
There are more than 100 different properties that cover the estate , which itself is half - a - million acres in size .                                                 
From armed robbery to attempted murder ... they break these young offenders down only to build them back up to make them better men and women once they ' re released .                                 
For some members , the group has almost become a virtual family where they share their news about a relative who has died after finally making it to Europe .                                     
We can provide the sense of hope needed to stop people thinking they have no option but to risk their lives on a dangerous journey to Europe .                                         
I felt like a man condemned to death , hoping against hope for something - anything - to stay his execution .                                                     
As the new year begins you should open your eyes to new opportunities and realize that all things are possible if you want them enough .                                             
I think I ' m a little bit more open to the idea of doing more , but under certain circumstances .                                                     
I ' ve been in a bike lane that ' s big enough to drive a car in , right over on the edge of the road and had a truck come into the bike lane .                       
That date might be a year away , but the regulator says employers should start planning 12 months before their duties start , and choose a pension scheme around six months before .                               
He is young , but he is developing as a professional and also as a personality - I can see that on the pitch .                                               
" We are concerned for the woman ' s welfare and have been in touch with the family to offer our full assistance ," he said .                                           
No bail payment was made , but he is required to report to his local police station twice a week and cannot leave the country .                                             
" As a natural reaction , it was expected that the person pursue the case before making it public on the social media networks ," it added .                                         
Two months ago we got stuck inside and had to press the alarm button and were rescued after 15 minutes ," she said .                                                 
It can mean meeting face to face with them is difficult , because you ' re so used to talking to them online .                                                 
Before that , something was missing for me , I was always into music but that was the moment it felt like your thing , there was a connection .                                     
The local young people can use it , they can sit around a fire or climb trees and no one minds too much if they break off a branch .                                     
Time and time again , David Cameron offers warm words and a little bit of funding for a short term fix .                                                     
Meanwhile , relations between Venezuela and the United States have been on hold , with neither country having appointed an ambassador to the other since 2010 .                                           
There are media outlets here in Germany that haven ' t asked me a single question about football since I got here .                                                   
The charities also highlight official figures which suggest that nearly a quarter of the population will be over the age of 65 in just over 20 years ' time .                                     
But perhaps we can expect a three or four star style service offered as they just won ' t be willing to pay the prices charged in the capital .                                     
That ' s one reason why the Chinese Communist Party announced in October that it was ending its one - child policy .                                                   
There hasn ' t been enough testing for Zika , so it ' s not known how many women have been infected .                                                   
Iran ' s economy is far more diverse than those of other oil producers in the region , such as Saudi Arabia , its regional rival .                                           
I was looking for something to wear until the last moment , wanting something a bit eye - opening , and at the last moment someone gave me this suit , which I still have .                         
The increase in the number of people seeking asylum in Europe has been driven primarily by applications from Syria , Afghanistan and Iraq .                                                 
I mean Melbourne is the sporting capital of the world after all aren ' t they , just ask them .                                                       
One day , during her time as governor , my editor pointed out a picture of her in our newspaper one day .                                                   
They ' re telling people to get on with it now and hoping they can fix the balance sheet later .                                                       
We ' ve got some talented guys that need to regularly produce a little bit more , there ' s no question about that .                                               
The 22 - year - old is confident of turning that record around , but says the team also has other areas they need to focus on .                                         
" We are going to have that funding available to you by the end of next week ," he noted .                                                       
A joint report by refugee agencies said the conflict in Syria will continue to be a source of refugees seeking asylum in the European Union .                                             
" It ' s like a little baby river rock ," Dr Lee says , showing it to the woman .                                                       
The fact there are no video games and violence makes it the first of its kind worldwide ," she says .                                                       
He ' s not reading a speech , he ' s looking at the menu , and you can see on his face he ' s quite happy about what he ' s about to have for dinner .                   
According to a recent Netflix survey , 51 percent of people said they felt that sharing an account with their partners felt like a very big step toward a " serious " relationship .                             
As least 26 schools in New Jersey received the threats by phone starting at about 8 : 50 a . m .                                                     
It was during this period that I managed to negotiate better working terms ; a five - day week being the most significant change .                                               
So it ' s an open question whether better campaign tactics will bring Sanders a victory , especially since Clinton is , of course , using the same tactics .                                     
You still need luck , and anyone who has won it will tell you that you need the luck of the draw a little bit .                                             
A senior U . S . administration official told CNN it could take days to obtain the scientific data to determine whether this was a successful test .                                         
Since this is a main reason they exist , you ' d think that they ' d be prepared to have a debate with the ­ president .                                         
It was almost as if neither prisoners nor officers really had any respect for the environment in which they lived .                                                       
That may , of course , be because certain member states of the EU need the UK more than we might need them , but it ' s always good to be wanted - and even better to be told that that ' s the case .   
Because the water had not come in at that point they said I would have to stay put and hope for the best .                                                 
" ( Her focus is to ) obtain the best possible education and to enjoy time with her family and friends ," she said .                                                 
In the message , George W . Bush writes that his younger brother " is a tested leader who has made difficult decisions during times of crisis .                                         
It was all presented as evidence at the jury trial , and the documentary people don ' t tell you that .                                                     
" She ' s a very good governor and should I win the nomination , there ' ll be a role for her in the campaign ," Bush told reporters .                                   
As a result of the increasing military pressure , there has been a dramatic hike in the number of northern Syrian refugees headed for camps on the border with Turkey , and also in other areas of the country where regime attacks have increased .       
I just want to make sure you realize this is not for me personally ," the former Florida governor said .                                                       
So much press has been given to Dylan that few who care don ' t already know about this set .                                                       
While the average time for online consumption is three hours per day , among 15 to 16 - year - olds it rises to five hours .                                           
He also spoke at length about the development of Russell , the team ' s rookie guard taken with the second overall pick in June ' s NBA draft .                                     
On the current state of works , there ' s no chance those extra trains will be running by 2019 .                                                       
The pair also planned time on the NSW South Coast before returning to Canberra for New Year ' s Eve .                                                       
Local taxpayers are paying $ 5 million of Super Bowl expenses , which includes a $ 12 , 000 security bill for a private NFL dinner at City Hall .                                     
The acquisition of more space at its current headquarters follows the company ' s most successful year and comes just 13 months after moving from its previous base because it was too small .                             
Sanders , at a campaign stop in central Iowa , suggested the topic was getting a lot of attention because Clinton sees him gaining on her .                                           
They had all been released the previous summer , so they had come close to being lost to football before we took them on .                                               
Here it seemed the most natural thing in the world , we went out with our daughter in the rain and met people .                                                 
Mr Barry said detailed guidelines on how to use the drones had been produced for forces to deal with potential privacy issues .                                                   
Given the number of half - naked photos she posts of herself - such as this one of her on holiday , right - what more can she expect ?                                     
And then off of the field , since he ' s gotten here , he ' s been everything that you would hope .                                                 
Under the agreement , some aid was delivered in October , and last month , several hundred wounded fighters and their families were evacuated .                                               
The city wasn ' t wild about putting a half - sized basketball court in anybody ' s front yard .                                                       
It was felt you should not be alone with female children , and what concerned the authorities was your relationship with a vulnerable woman with young children .                                         
A Treasury spokesman said : " Central to our plan to fix the public finances is the sale of Government assets to help pay down the national debt and ensure economic security for working people .                           
To be honest it was no different from hiring a car in Europe apart from the credit card not being of much use .                                                 
I was looking forward to that match for a long , long time when I was back in Canberra and Brisbane training .                                                   
U . S . prosecutors alleged that the technology is used in a wide range of military systems , including surface - to - air and cruise missiles .                                       
Nearly 16 , 000 men in the western province have been laid off from September of 2014 through the end of last year .                                                 
She ' s tried writing to the parents of the school , through the principal , but that ' s met a dead end .                                               
As of December 31 , 2015 , the firm had approximately 13 , 000 employees in more than 30 countries and a major presence in global markets , including North and South America , Europe , Asia , Australia and the Middle East and Africa .     
He has been jailed for five years and seven months for his part in an effort to supply £ 100 , 000 - worth of drugs .                                           
U . S . lawmakers are considering reducing life sentences for three drug - related crimes under the federal three - strikes law .                                                 
But , you know , it wouldn ' t have made a lot of difference to the match at all .                                                       
Many people believed their bodies were good at telling them when to start and stop eating , but he wasn ' t so sure .                                               
The jury were also played a second police interview in which the teenager alleged more serious sexual contact at the same meeting she had previously spoken about .                                         
The increase ended an unprecedented seven - year stretch of keeping the rate near zero to try to boost the economy .                                                     
Bloomberg told The Financial Times on Monday that he was " looking at all the options " when it comes to a bid .                                                 
Well , the Prime Minister needs to demonstrate that he takes the issues seriously , that it ' s more than just rhetoric .                                                 
Her class was there for all to see on the international stage , helping Australia charge to the quarter - finals at last year ' s women ' s World Cup in Canada .                             
She became editor of the programme three years later after he had been made head of music and arts for BBC TV .                                                   
Jones said that he would do it , but only if he were given five minutes to talk about diversity .                                                       
' Just the fact that one human being is willing to help another one means a lot to me ,' he added .                                                   
I don ' t think it ' s a great environment for our club to be involved in annual elections given the recent history while we ' re trying to sort the direction of the club out .                     
Rather than sending her to school to learn and have a good education , I take her like this to work with me ?                                                 
She said : " There is growing awareness of the links between obesity and diabetes or heart disease , but the links to cancer are less well recognised .                                         
It ' s a bit of a ' wait and see ' but having golf in the Olympics ( in Rio 2016 ) will help ," he says .                                       
What ' s more likely is I just want to make sure that people are not dying by taking bad drugs .                                                     
So we ' d like to finish on a high and then New Zealand is going to be another big challenge for us .                                                 
You think if we can get a few quick ones and put them under pressure [ we might be a chance ], but we just ran through them .                                       
I wish Ryan the best of luck and I ' m proud to have played a very small part in his development .                                                   
Air crash investigators expect to remain at the scene of the crash with four people confirmed dead , for up to three days .                                                 
Later on in life , I ' m always open to other opportunities , but for now I want to stick to this idea and make it happen .                                       
Police responding to a request to check on the welfare of a man early Sunday found him dead , Prince George ' s County authorities said .                                           
They ' re great to look at but the fact is that with kids , a separate dining room for all those dinner parties you plan on having will be rarely used .                               
Meanwhile , Perth home prices were down around three to four per cent in 2015 and would stay fairly flat throughout 2016 , he said .                                             
And that was until conservative Texas Senator Ted Cruz was asked right at the start what message Trump ' s self - chosen absence would send to the voters in Iowa .                                 
Putin - who launched a bombing campaign in the war - torn country on September 30 - appeared to defend Assad , although he acknowledged the Syrian president had made ' many mistakes ' since the conflict broke out in 2011 .             
We knew San Antonio was going to be ready to go after the loss they had and we didn ' t draw a line in the sand .                                         
While much of the attention has focused on whether the Scottish National Party will win an unprecedented third term - which looks more likely with every passing day - the race for second place is becoming increasingly tight .                   
He and other members of the worst club in Washington band together to embrace members and their communities after a shooting .                                                     
He returned for the Brisbane International last week but made a quick exit , going down in straight sets in the opening round .                                                 
First lady Michelle Obama waves to delegates at the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte , N . C ., Sept .                                                       
In 2016 , look to see if one of these groups comes to the rescue of a candidate who ran out of money or had a poor showing in an early state , either of which might otherwise drive the candidate from the race .       
So yes , it would be a problem to find someone who could say what my numbers were one way or the other .                                                 
" I never thought we would raise the money we have , I was going to start more contained and over time its sort of filled out ," he said .                                   
Although the law has been in place since 2006 , just a handful of patients take advantage each year - the NHS does not collect figures on those travelling abroad for treatment .                               
France doesn ' t need any permission from any other country [ to enter business with Iran ] and it ' s not receiving orders from above and that ' s very important for us .                         
" I would think that with the work that we ' ve done we ' ll be able to use it for a very long time to come ," she said .                                 
" For those first 15 holes or so , I hit the ball great ," said the 29 - year - old .                                                   
It was the start of half term and he was staying with his father , but told him he was going to his friend Tom ' s to build a new server .                               
They went yard in the top of the first , second , third , sixth and eighth innings to put the visitors in the box seat .                                           
" The factors affecting the ability of businesses to pass through higher prices to consumers were viewed as complex and hard to monitor in real time ," the Fed minutes acknowledged .                                 
Jackson added that he thought most of the people in the room knew who Sanders was , though he conceded that Clinton " would be the more popular face , the more familiar name " if she were to walk in .             
But we weren ' t far enough out to be safe , nor close enough to the shore to make it back before the wave would hit the land .                                     
As I entered my teenage years I discovered that if I wanted to go out or celebrate a particular occasion then I had to pay for it myself .                                       
The debate is made more complicated by the fact that it is not always clear what being part of the EU actually means , at least to the public .                                     
Labour is in the process of its own defence review to best consider how to provide effective security for Britain against modern threats .                                                 
It ' s too early to judge , but it seems the current process does not seem to be working .                                                       
" The truth is that the most significant vote and issue regarding foreign policy that we have seen in this country in modern history is the vote on the war on Iraq ," he said .                         
Perhaps future black students won ' t have to be asked questions such as " How did you hear about this university ?" by senior staff .                                           
If this had been provided the call would have received an urgent ' red ' priority which would have triggered an eight minute response from an ambulance crew .                                       
14 , 2014 , he stated he was not in any way associated with a terrorist organization and that he had never received any weapons training , which was not true , the complaint said .                         
' One of them was from a mum who said she had been looking at her personal feed on Facebook , and felt that she was suffering while all she could see was other people ' s brilliant family pictures .               
That ' s up from 5 . 8 percent two years ago , when the last survey was conducted , and it is the largest jump among all age groups .                                   
After her hospital stay ended , she was still on bed rest with strict orders from the doctor to avoid physical activity .                                                   
21 ( UPI ) -- The Canadian economy can strike the right balance between heavy oil and natural gas and the need to address climate change , the prime minister said .                                   
He said that those who came into the country would have to suffer consequences , even though many would be allowed to stay in the United States and eventually become citizens .                                 
It was relief that after all the build up we ' d won ," said the 21 - year - old .                                                     
The real wealth of most Chinese is locked up in the property market , an issue that does bear scrutiny .                                                       
Other panel members include two Northern Ireland - based doctors and two health service managers who are from Northern Ireland but now work in England .                                             
US Secretary of State John Kerry has sharply criticised North Korea for carrying out a fourth nuclear test , despite international warnings .                                                   
So I wasn ' t interested in fighting David for custody because I didn ' t have a job ,' she explained .                                                   
Robert Kennedy , chair of the department of Catholic studies at the University of St Thomas in St Paul , Minnesota , said the church was unlikely to ease its stance in light of the crisis .                       
The question is , will this year of new starts for both of them also be the beginning of a lasting love ?                                                   
And that might be needed in some cases : Big companies and governments can be slow to move to the latest software because making those changes can be complicated to roll out across their organizations .                         
But if they come by any other means , the people , constitution in hand , will decide , and I ' ll be there defending democracy in my role as president of the Republic .                         
I do not believe that anyone should have to put up with personal abuse because of their views on this matter ," the letter continued .                                             
The Company recorded record revenue for the 2015 fourth quarter of $ 51 . 8 million , a $ 12 . 3 million or 31 % increase over 2014 fourth quarter revenue of $ 39 . 6 million .                   
CCTV footage of a man thought to have entered a house and sexually assaulted a teenage girl shows the suspect walking around the house before the attack .                                         
Like most Americans , I was proud that we broke the color barrier when he was elected , but I also recognize that his experience and my experience are night - and - day different .                         
And if , in the end , that ' s what the American people want ... well , I hope I never have to finish this sentence .                                         
Stephen ' s solution is to get them into ( or rather , onto ) as many hands as possible .                                                       
It wasn ' t the only out - of - control event that police had to break up on Saturday night .                                                     
But the judge said the children are " entitled " to have the possibility of being raised by their parents at least considered despite the circumstances .                                           
If this is how they treat us in the run - up to the referendum , imagine how they ' d treat us if we voted to stay .                                       
While it ' s fair to say not many players on tour can compete with Djokovic at the moment - the world No .                                                 
That is still some way off , if ever , but her determination is obvious ; her health issues , she hopes , are behind her at last .                                       
I ' ve gone on to represent my country and playing at the Rugby World Cup was a huge honour .                                                       
" I never feel pressure from playing someone that ' s supposed to be like better than me , sort of ," she said .                                               
" We have been without food for two months , no water for the past 10 days ," she said .                                                       
A note attached to it read : " I wish any lady who takes this dress to have a life with her loved one 56 years like I did .                                       
Miller said earlier this week that the vote of the new senator - who has not yet been chosen - could be critical .                                                 
The Clinton camp believes a win in Iowa - the first of the primaries , set for February 1 - would set the tone for the election .                                         
' There ' s been a few cars which have gone in the river in the past 10 or 15 years we ' ve been here , but none as bad as this .                             
" There cannot be any negotiations as long as the humanitarian issues have not been discussed or implemented ," he said .                                                     
Police said the bodies were found when specialist personnel from the Department of Fire and Emergency Services gained access to the homes .                                                   
Although early in the 2016 auction season , Saturday ' s results are a clear indication that robust results can be expected in the Melbourne market , similar to those recorded over the latter part of 2015 .                     
He said : " As players sometimes you have to lift the crowd , whether it ' s a tackle , whether it ' s a shot on goal .                                       
They will vote on 27 January and if the deal is given the green light , it is set to complete by 15 February .                                               
But he had to drop the appeal and can never profit - by selling his story , for example - from his prosecution and conviction .                                             
But Jeremy Corbyn has made clear repeatedly that it is going to be an open process and all differences will be respected in the shadow cabinet and the whole party and the whole parliamentary Labour party .                       
Just as you only learn to drive after passing your test , you only really learn how to play a role after press night .                                               
While there have been multiple steps taken to protect students , some groups had other recommendations about how to best help the students .                                                 
But his legacy is less secure and , as with Tony and New Labour , that is in part down to what has followed him , and his role within it .                                 
And also , the uncertainty of it , if you don ' t work , you don ' t earn ... and if you ' re working on a no - win , no - fee basis , then the verdict matters a lot .       
Anderson said she sees a district with all the ingredients it needs to improve , including a stable school board and a community that ' s committed to public education , as proven by its recent vote in favor of a bond measure for schools .     
The U . S . has asked coalition members to boost their military contributions in Iraq and Syria against IS after the deadly attacks in Paris in November .                                       
It doesn ' t matter who the leader is in London , that ' s what we ' ve always done .                                                     
The bottom line is the two sides need to start working together because this is a committee where things have to get done .                                                 
That points to a potential problem with his strategy for 2016 , when another Democrat ' s name will lead the ballot .                                                   
Unfortunately , we simply do not have the money to fund them all and have to make some really tough decisions .                                                     
On Monday , stocks in Shanghai fell 5 . 3 percent , and they ' re down 16 percent in the past six days .                                               
I had grown up on the farm , surrounded by animals , and helped out for as long as I could remember .                                                   
So that ' s what I ' m trying to do now : make a new family with the association .                                                       
The message for Angela Merkel was loud and clear as Germany opened its doors to 1 . 1 million migrants last year as women held up signs that read : ' Mrs Merkel - where are you ?                       
" I don ' t know if it ' s cool , but most of the people in here are not old ," says Lisa .                                             
Cambridge city council has warned that the move by hospitals is one of the reasons that it plans to increase council tax by £ 5 across the board this year .                                   
We call upon parties in Geneva to take the first urgent steps and not to miss the chance this moment presents .                                                     
" We want to finish above our polling average , which is 12 per cent , so we ' re looking at 14 or 15 per cent ," he said .                                   
I ' m sure I would have been involved with the Australian junior golf program and trying to advance it .                                                       
The school has strict rules about what the devices can be used for , but also how to treat them .                                                       
Allen , who had never directed a TV series before , also admitted at the time that he was not familiar with any Amazon shows , and did not watch TV .                                 
He said there had been approximately 150 people from Latin America and the Caribbean who traveled to Iraq and Syria to fight for ISIS this year -- an increase from approximately 100 last year .                           
And the ruling means he will be banned from teaching in any school or educational setting - though he can apply to have this ban set aside after five years .                                   
He said the child had responded well to treatment and there were unlikely to be any long - term ill - effects .                                                   
For those who say winning in November matters when deciding whom to support , 38 percent said they back Rubio , 26 percent support Trump and 17 percent back Cruz .                                   
She pleaded with them not to leave her alone that night because she said she would hurt herself , but they did .                                                   
It followed $ 80 billion in health and education funding cuts to the states over a decade from 2017 announced by the federal government in its 2014 budget .                                       
Women make up about 15 percent of the U . S . military , and thousands of women have served alongside men in Iraq and Afghanistan .                                           
We call on all parties to cease targeting journalists and to free immediately all members of the media that they are holding .                                                   
I don ' t see anything that ' s been done that can ' t be fixed or sort of put back together , if you will , going forward .                                   
" I ' m at a point in my life with my son , with my new marriage , it ' s a new me ," she told People .                                     
Other days I spot the sign for the small village as I approach , and I see that father and son once again .                                                 
" There was less around to take you out of the actual environment that your characters were operating in ," he said .                                                   
It ' s been a strange week on and off the sporting field , with the hot talking points being not about what was actually happening but what was missing .                                   
If you work , do you produce more - or add more value for your employer or clients - than you did , say , 18 years ago ?                                       
It is the first time Russia has officially named the U . S . a national security threat , according to Reuters .                                                   
If the Lakers finish with the NBA ' s second - worst record , there ' s a 44 . 3 % chance of losing their top - three - protected draft pick .                             
It happened again , 92 - 90 , Dallas ' 10th consecutive victory against the Lakers and the NBA ' s longest active streak against them .                                           
But here - where he is the government - Christie was confident that government could defeat the forces pulling this city down .                                                   
Gordon has said an appeal would almost certainly not be heard until after the home - and - away season .                                                       
Local authorities across England are considering putting council tax up by the maximum level - which includes an adult social care premium .                                                   
" No family should go through the suffering that two Victorian families are going through this week ," Ms Williams said .                                                     
It ' s their job to work on the financial part , I don ' t get involved with that .                                                       
However from 6 April , top - rate taxpayers will see this reduced by £ 1 for every £ 2 they earn above £ 150 , 000 .                                         
She has vowed to take " dramatic steps " to review the membership of the Academy and introduce greater diversity among voters .                                                   
A break in the rain may come by Friday , but another system could hit Los Angeles on Saturday night into Sunday .                                                   
When you have some of the things that have gone on - kids and babies getting shot - the mayor wants to know what the plan is to address it , and you ' re going to get calls from him at 2 in the morning .   
It also stepped in to book replacement flights and an extended overseas stay to ensure that his holiday was merely delayed , not cancelled .                                               
" If you are in Australia , please help me by writing to your MP , especially South Australia , to help bring change ," he said in another post .                                   
All I wanted was for the court to recognise that I needed to have his share of the house that was our home to provide me with some security for my future and this judgment has done just that .                 
Obama made it clear he does not expect gun laws to change during his remaining year in office , but pledged to do what he can to make gun control a theme in the months leading up to the November election to replace him .       
Two people from the UK don ' t have to imagine it now - as they get to live that life .                                                     
A cultural centre would provide a focus for bringing that contribution to the attention of the wider community and is an interesting idea .                                                 
I wouldn ' t be in a position I am in now , if I didn ' t take really good photos of the stuff I was creating .                                       
There are exciting new young players in but also younger guys who are playing well and with stuff to prove and put some things right .                                             
The 19 - year - old man riding the other jet - ski was being interviewed by water police , but no charges have been laid .                                           
He once lived in Sydney ' s eastern suburbs with Steve Smith , so the Australian captain knows as well as anyone just what kind of character he is .                                     
On top of this , we might consider the fact that Brady himself has rarely produced his best in visits to Denver .                                                   
Workers who are already earn more than $ 10 per hour will receive an annual pay increase in February rather than waiting until the anniversary date .                                           
For one moment I ' m not saying it ' s ideal , but I do think there ' s a huge amount of effort and attention going into this to ensure the safety of the athletes .                     
Apple CEO Tim Cook is expected to join a meeting of tech minds helping the Obama administration counter IS online propaganda .                                                     
The Illinois Department of Public Health officials said the case was confirmed on Thursday but declined to provide further details .                                                       
We see a substantial risk that prices may recover much more slowly over the medium term than many companies expect , as well as a risk that prices might fall further .                                 
Both organizations are fighting against Saudi Arabia , which has declared them terrorist groups and locked up thousands of their supporters .                                                     
" There ' s plenty of things that they can do right now that are already there ," the GOP presidential hopeful said .                                                 
There would be no need for restrictions on EU citizens coming to the UK as students or tourists , the authors concluded .                                                   
Since taking this office , I ' ve never been more optimistic about a year ahead than I am right now .                                                     
They later confirmed two other men , aged 22 and 18 , had been arrested and accused of the same offence .                                                     
We were the better side on Monday and we are the better team overall - that shows with where we are in the league .                                               
The government and its allies have also turned their focus to the south for the first time since Russia began its air strikes on Sept .                                             
" I think so definitely , that ' s always been the goal , so I would love the opportunity to get the call up ," she said .                                       
" That ' s why I know I ' ve got to be focused and locked in every time I go out there ," he said .                                           
And he said something quite interesting : ' I spent 10 years on the street doing theatre and comedy , learning how to stop an audience walking away from me .                                     
" I ' ve got the support I need to get out here and be comfortable to move around ," she said .                                                   
" That ' s put more pressure on people who can ' t afford the private market ," he said .                                                       
Cleveland shot 47 percent from the field and scored 30 or more points in each of the first three quarters .                                                       
The audience ' s conclusion was that it may be harder to complete the negotiations in Brussels than Mr Cameron hopes .                                                     
" I always tell people , I ' m as proud of this as anything I ' ve been engaged in ," Kerry told him of the search for those who died in a war that ended four decades ago .               
Trump ' s keen sense of his audience has , for better or worse , made him the dominant force in the 2016 election .                                               
It ' s something I ' ll think about later down the line and the whole focus is on the Six Nations .                                                   
A major question mark remains over the stance that Theresa May , the Home Secretary , will take over EU membership , although friends expect her to support the Prime Minister .                                 
The 28 - nation European Union is still in political crisis over its proper response to the flow of refugees .                                                       
For December , we were 70 per cent on - budget , and the lines that are slightly behind budget I believe will catch up .                                             
A " profits recession " is also starting to make itself felt in the U . S . across a range of industries .                                                 
The internet has yet to produce a business model to support the reporting on councils , sport and business that local newspapers and TV networks have traditionally provided .                                       
The German bank believes that the renewed oil sell - off could add to growth for euro area economies across 2016 .                                                     
The Government plans to launch a text message alert service similar to those used by Amazon and other online retailers that will alert people about public services .                                         
The message from the UN climate talks was clear : people power is pushing our politicians to take action on climate change , and now is the time to keep up the pressure .                             
Kerry said ending the Syrian conflict would benefit the world community by ending the migrant crisis and would " cut the legs out from under " ISIS .                                         
About 25 percent of doctors had surgery in the last six months of life , compared to about 27 percent of the general public .                                               
A man said to be carrying a knife and wearing a fake suicide belt has been shot dead as he tried to enter a police station in Paris .                                       
Clinton is just three points ahead at 48 percent , which is within the survey ' s 5 - point margin of error , meaning that the two Democratic candidates are virtually tied .                             
She said that those looking into the issue and have yet to come up with any evidence that she broke the law .                                                   
Netflix , which had expanded into more than 60 countries before Wednesday ' s launch , previously said it aimed to reach 200 countries by the end of 2016 .                                     
At some point we might fit enough pieces together to realise it was wrong , throw it out and try a new picture .                                                 
The military said at the time that she had pulled out a knife at the entrance to a military base and threatened civilians .                                                 
I recently dropped off one of my daughters at a soccer practice and was surprised at how many parents were staying to watch .                                                 
The prime minister told MPs on Wednesday that the industry was facing significant problems , and said his government was determined to help .                                                 
You have to be aware how much you ' re spending every month , but for me that took time .                                                       
THE panel , which has been criticised before by tobacco control activists for apparent conflict of interest as one of its members owns a tobacco business , sent a list of 32 questions to the federal ministry in October .                 
Yet , without him and those like him , Britain , New Zealand and their allies would have been on the losing side in the World War II .                                       
He also said he had " no complaints to make " and that he had been treated fairly while in detention and provided medication he needed .                                           
" Where I grew up there was no other way , and there still isn ' t a way to survive , no way to work in our economy to be able to make a living ," he said .                 
The Syrian crisis is often described as a crisis of migration , but that ' s not how it began .                                                       
Big news this hour , two students at Virginia tech have been arrested and will now face a judge today as police investigate the murder of a 13 - year - old who lived near campus .                       
But it is a very critical element of people ' s experiences and about one third of what people spend is actually on food and drink .                                           
The guys gave everything on the pitch and we will learn from our mistakes - one in the first half and another in the second half .                                           
Earlier a spokesman said Ms Bowie had been told of her former husband ' s death off camera and had been given the option to leave .                                           
I stopped my mortgage monthly payments as soon as I moved out but still had payments for my life insurance , ground rent and service charge going through .                                       
Texas Sen . Ted Cruz ' s campaign said it had raised nearly $ 20 million in the fourth quarter and estimated that he would finish the year having raised more than $ 45 million .                         
Just over a year ago , Mohammed , 55 , and his family were at home when a missile hit their house .                                                   
To qualify for the main stage , a candidate had to be either among the top six in an average of the five most recent national polls , or among the top five in an average of the five most recent Iowa or New Hampshire polls .   
In the closing moments of a 2009 news conference , Obama was asked about the arrest of a black Harvard professor at the professor ' s home .                                         
' I never thought the series could possibly catch up with the books , but it has ,' Martin wrote .                                                       
Now that the commission has sent its report , its next step is to present specific recommendations for Greece that would need the approval of a majority of member states .                                   
" The two - year time limit would allow the process to be completed and concluded within the current parliament ," he said .                                                 
It believes he was operating in Libya with the support of Islamic State ' s core leadership in Iraq and Syria , in a likely sign of the country ' s strategic importance to the group .                       
" I knew she had beaten a lot of good players these two weeks ," the world No 6 said .                                                       
Let ' s hope they remember that any war between the major powers will not determine who is right , but who is left .                                               
Many of us were inspired to go on to greater things and the memories of it will stick with me for a long time to come .                                           
A low - cost producer is a good place to be but if you ' re a high - cost producer , life is going to be pretty tough .                                     
We were dealing with something that was a hit of sorts , that somebody had come to this house to kill this person specifically .                                               
She has proven that she ' s ready for the next step , so I ' m excited and proud for her with this opportunity ," Ryan said of Smith .                                   
This alone will do little to create more choices and get more films and television made that reflect the diversity we all deserve .                                                 
I don ' t know how long it will take , and it might take a while , but we will cross the finishing line .                                             
Information about that extension is , and has been , available on our website and phone lines , however we ' re sorry that some customers who contacted us directly were given the wrong information .                         
For League Two Cambridge United , the impact of last season ' s match with Manchester United has been long - lasting .                                                   
If nothing else , there are software services that block out the Internet for people who don ' t trust themselves to turn it off and keep it off .                                     
The evidence at the scene of the crime showed she had been assaulted in 12 different locations within that room .                                                       
The actor , who won an Oscar for playing Ray Charles in 2004 " s Ray , said he told the man : " You ' ve got to help me get you out , because I don ' t want to have to leave you .     
" Indeed , prisoners were extremely vocal about this subject and it was , by some way , the single strongest criticism that women made about the prison ," the report said .                               
Mr King said : ' We don ' t take a view as to whether the UK should leave the EU as that is up to the people to decide in a referendum .                               
" We know that those numbers went way , way down during the recession , probably because there were fewer people on the roads and fewer trains traveling ," she said .                                 
I think that when everyone ' s story is told then that makes for better art ," the President said .                                                       
Before going to the Middle East she had changed her Facebook and Twitter profile photos to images of the IS flag .                                                     
We want people to explore and experience the wonder of these protected places with us and through us , and support our efforts to understand and preserve them .                                       
The problem is that no one really knows the right time until months later and then it ' s too late .                                                     
After following up after six and 12 months , the researchers found that just over 60 percent of the participants experienced falls during the one - year period .                                       
Over the past year a lot of spending has gone into services and experiences , and that looks to have continued into year end .                                               
It ' s about giving the guys confidence by knowing their plan is going to be backed up by me whether at times I agree with it or not .                                     
The first is that he " didn ' t even take the clubs out of the flight bag for eight weeks " after finishing up his 2015 season with victory in Dubai in November .                           
At 16 , Ryan discovered his 55 - year - old father at home in bed , dead of a heart attack .                                                   
It has already been at the centre of attention in the post - attack investigation as several members suspected of links to terrorist networks have been discovered here .                                       
It is just something you have to deal with I guess and manage yourself during the week and get yourself right for the weekend .                                               
" They are clearly two people who have known each other for a while [ and ] at times it ' s very much like a younger brother writing to an older sister ," Ms Taylor said .                     
For decades Venezuela gave oil away , to its allies in the region and to its own people but as oil prices and revenues crashed , something had to give .                                   
The weather service says New York City could get a couple inches between Monday and Tuesday night , and the snow could even stretch into Wednesday night .                                         
" It is these issues that put older drivers , their passengers , and other road users at great risk ," he told The Daily Telegraph .                                           
" They just told me pack up my clothes and if I have any pictures I want just to make sure that I have them packed and ready to go in case ," she said .                         
I am picking up two cars tomorrow and taking them down south tomorrow if all goes according to plan ," he said .                                                   
The iconic London bus has become one of Northern Ireland ' s most famous products , but a new order could be the last .                                               
For years , he worked seven days a week , 12 hours a day , running constantly between his computer and the factory ' s assembly lines .                                         
This is why we ' ve made sure most victims only have to provide evidence of domestic abuse once in the lifetime of their case .                                             
When they succeed , audiences are looking at the right place , though without seeing , because their attention is engaged elsewhere .                                                   
Despite the firm answer from the White House on the issue , Obama may have given signals as to where his support lies .                                                 
It not only makes it harder for the economy to grow as much , but also makes it harder for companies to export as much now that , without a steady stream of would - be workers holding down wages , they have to pay people more . 
A spokesman said the 15 - year - old was being held in a police cell last night and would go to court as an adult suspect .                                         
To ignore or cover up what ' s happening to the region ' s Kurdish population would only confirm the widely held belief in the south - east that when it comes to police and military operations against Kurdish armed groups , there are no limits .   
However , it is now thought that this could be delayed , leading to fears that Mr Cameron may not now be able to secure a final deal at February ' s European Council meeting .                         
They are willing to embrace someone who is not one of them - as long as he can change the country ' s direction .                                               
There were visa issues and we weren ' t ready to get married , so I went to New York to visit him and try and figure out what we were going to do .                           
This could be once a quarter , once a month or even as and when changes to your life or work happen .                                                   
The Polish plan , designed to encourage workers to stay in Poland and to have more children , would boost the benefits paid to the 800 , 000 Polish workers in the UK .                             
One area of common ground between the Republican Congress and Obama could be criminal justice reforms , but no votes have been scheduled .                                                 
For the opening 20 minutes we showed how we can play then we took the foot off the gas but we know we are a better team and that we can get the win this week .                       
22 : If you planned to begin that trip to London or Rome on this day , hold off another 24 hours .                                                   
I had both my father and my mother as role models for different reasons , which is an amazing thing to have as a kid growing up .                                         
He added : " There is plenty of room for religious teaching , but I do not think that should be above science fact .                                                 
I had absolutely agreed to an open relationship , but I wanted his affairs to be kept to the left , or the right , anywhere that was out of my way .                               
BBC director general Tony Hall said : " We are the first broadcaster in the world to work out what it ' s going to be like in this on - demand world .                               
It will apply in particular to the energy sector , where we have the need to save the planet from climate change .                                                   
The New York Times reported he will commission a second poll after the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday , and will make a decision in early March .                                         
It ' s a massive opportunity for some players who were new last year to put their hands up for World Cup selection .                                                 
As he placed a hand on the young boy ' s head , he added : ' So prepare your army and gather your nations as we too are preparing our army .                                 
Clinton , the front - runner for the Democratic nomination for the November 2016 presidential election , has faced widespread criticism for using a private email account hosted on a private computer while secretary of state .                       
He also has a job in his home state of Indiana and is planning to obtain a degree in information systems .                                                     
A statement from the mayor of London ' s office said any person sleeping rough in the city was a cause for concern and something Johnson took extremely seriously .                                     
He told BBC Radio 4 ' s Today programme : ' I ' m sure that they will review the case , I ' m sure that that is the right thing that should happen .                           
Aberdeen were flying when they came to us at the start of the season and we beat them in the League Cup , so we know what we ' re capable of against the top teams .                       
For example , a recent Australian study measured the blood sugar levels of 70 healthy volunteers who had to sit still for nine hours .                                               
House price inflation is with us currently , but it ' s not secure and it ' s not something we can bank on .                                               
To be the first person in Panthers history to win it - that ' s what I ' m most proud about .                                                   
In downtown Washington , a foot of snow was on the ground by 5 a . m ., with more reported in the Virginia and Maryland suburbs .                                         
With the right basketball management and coach in place , we are going to create a winning culture ... and give Brooklyn a team that it can be proud of and enjoy watching .                             
But I just felt with where the guys were at and what they needed that I ' m probably the right person for the job , and with that in mind they were all buying into what I was trying to put together , as well .   
The company is said to be testing a change to the service that could allow you to post as many as 10 , 000 characters at a time .                                       
Not to mention the fact that increasing North American production still wouldn ' t do much to reduce the price of gas .                                                   
The Times said it picked Clinton over her top rival , Vermont Sen . Bernie Sanders , due to her experience and policy ideas .                                               
If you asked my parents about when I became an actor , you would be met with a massive eye - roll .                                                   
We wouldn ' t want to limit ourselves for one day in 20 or 30 years time , who is to say we can ' t have the biggest event in Australia here .                             
Given how we have supported our allies with terrorism , we should expect them to support us in dealing with state - sponsored terror such as this .                                         
When the dark days of winter are upon us , who wouldn ' t want every chance to look at the bright side of things ?                                             
She was different to her colleagues , it wasn ' t something she wanted to do her whole life and she studied , had goals and a future she thought dancing would bring her one step closer to .                   
ABC will have live coverage of president Obama ' s announcement on gun control later this morning expected to be around 11 : 40 .                                               
The U . S . and South Korea have been pushing for tough sanctions against the North over its latest nuclear test on Jan .                                               
The figures released by the campaign will be included in a more detailed report due to the Federal Election Commission by Jan .                                                   
Thomas Cook last week announced it has moved 400 , 000 room capacity away from Turkey and other operators could follow suit .                                                   
However , the club have announced it is not possible on this occasion as the stadium will be in use on the date of the match .                                           
Bernie Sanders ' campaign says it raised more than $ 21 million in January , bringing its total for the campaign to almost $ 95 million .                                           
A wide - ranging British public inquiry into the Iraq War is likely to be published in mid - 2016 .                                                       
After they were posted ( free of charge ) she wrote again : " I still can ' t get on your tracking site to know when the package will arrive .                                   
When the cameras were first installed , the Labour - run council denied claims it was a " money - making " move , saying income would be put into transport .                                 
Yet yesterday MPs were told they must wait for a new inquest to determine the " full facts " - killing off the prospect of a new police inquiry .                                       
And around 200 , 000 people aged 25 - 34 visited the website to buy materials or search for advice .                                                       
About 90 people filed criminal complaints , though police have not said how many of them were women who were sexually assaulted .                                                   
What on Earth was the point of making such a claim when even an eight - year - old could see that a tax rate of 3 % represented a defeat ?                                 
" The thing is though , when you ' ve got something where you don ' t think you ' re making good progress you all should sit down and talk about it ," he said .                       
However , hearing from young people who have shared the experience is powerful , and can help others feel they are not so different .                                               
Iraqi Kurdish anti - terrorist forces rescued a 16 - year - old Swedish girl from the Islamic State in Iraq , near Mosul , on Feb .                                         
They fund state and federal cultural institutions through their taxes , but get little benefit in return , and are then expected to fund their own cultural facilities through their rates .                                 
She posted a picture of her husband on a boat with the caption , " You can now see that sun daily !                                                     
Instead , all assets will be treated as income at a deemed interest rate , which could be 6 per cent to start with .                                               
To win , however , Rubio believes he has to win enough support from movement conservatives in order to move beyond his consistent third - place standing in many polls .                                   
On Thursday , nine of the 10 sectors in the S & P 500 index ended lower , led by a 1 . 4 percent decline in technology stocks .                                     
The poll comes less than two weeks before the first votes are cast in Iowa and as Trump and Cruz have increasingly taken shots at each other and the Republican establishment .                                 
An official club statement read : " Now is the right time to put an end to the many discussions surrounding the last few minutes of the match .                                         
They ' re looking for someone who is a grown - up , a strong , tested leader who can get things done .                                                 
Virgin Australia has a strong and loyal base of customers who frequently fly on us , and we will continue to take our in - flight content offering to the next level .                               
That ' s the question one usually asks while watching a new show that isn ' t working in a very big way .                                                 
I think it ' s going to be a race to who can get in their own comfort zone first .                                                       
The team found that 78 . 6 % of pull requests made by women were accepted compared with 74 . 6 % of those by men .                                           
" We tried to be very accurate and obviously keep it in a two - hour movie window ," Bay said .                                                     
Just a couple of years ago , house prices in " the energy capital of Europe " were rising faster than in London .                                                 
" In my job if you don ' t believe in your team you are in a bad shape ," he says .                                                   
I ' m looking forward to getting into downtown Singapore at least one night to see what this island has to offer .                                                   
Last month , Hillary was challenged at a town hall meeting in New Hampshire by a woman who asked her directly about three women who have made historic allegations about her husband .                               
When I saw the match against Arsenal they played very well but they didn ' t win - that ' s the most important thing .                                             
There is now a proposal on the table , it is not good enough , it needs more work but we are making progress .                                               
We had to make a call and you would hate to be stuck in Sydney and get a run on the Gold Coast .                                                 
" There are a lot of moving parts and no guarantee that all the costs will fall out and the profits come through ," she said .                                           
David Bowie died with his family around him Sunday , leaving a world he had changed in ways that had to do with a lot more than music .                                       
Not that Arsenal are currently thinking of anything other than beating Barcelona , the European champions , over two legs .                                                       
Because as things would turn out , there remain just a few loose ends to be tied up on that front .                                                     
The FBI is indeed conducting interviews to determine whether or not State Department officials sent or received emails containing classified information .                                                     
It was at the top end of the couple ' s budget , and very different from the other properties they ' d seen .                                               
The plan involves the creation of some 500 , 000 short - term jobs , funded by € 2 billion ($ 3 . 1 billion ) worth of donations and international contributions , according to a report in the Associated Press .             
Others defended her saying " good for her ," and " I don ' t see why girls would hate this .                                                     
There ' s probably a part of me that says please don ' t pick me to be the Lions coach .                                                     
I think he ' ll be shocked in a year to hear stories about certain things that happened that he was not even aware of .                                             
" We ' re not against the solar farm , it ' s good energy , but we need the safety from the highway ," he said .                                         
If there is a critical mass of population , which you happen to have here , then we invest anyway .                                                       
Financial experts say consumers should only sign up for retail store credit cards if they pay off their balance every month .                                                     
McDonald ' s has denied the incident , saying they are " pretty convinced " it did not happen at all .                                                     
' A lot of people think they can come over here and live the dream , and open up a bar and that ' s it .                                           
I ' m happy with warm weather , and in fact last winter I went away to Mexico for a month , which I ' m hoping to do again this year .                               
However , decisions about which age group is offered any vaccine are based on the best scientific evidence about which age group will benefit most , and this includes issues of cost .                               
However , a number of teachers who have been teaching for longer than that are concerned they will not be eligible to apply for the new jobs .                                         
One year , many campaign stops and $ 15 million of TV ads ago , the same poll had put Bush at 9 percent .                                               
In the current primary campaign leading up to the November 2016 presidential election , he has contributed to the campaign of Republican White House hopeful Marco Rubio .                                         
Your parents and you were living in an exhibition centre that the Dutch authorities had converted into a temporary shelter for the hundreds of asylum seekers like you .                                       
It is unclear what actions , if any , American officials took after the ambassador ' s remarks in Paris .                                                       
" Following investment in previous years , there has been a growth in the business this year ," the spokesman said .                                                     
He hasn ' t had to do the work the rest of us have to do but ... he probably knows how lucky he is .                                             
" I ' m going to ask [ them ] to let me speak for five minutes on the lack of diversity ," he told the Hollywood Reporter .                                       
' Before my breast surgery he told me that he only wanted me to have the surgery if I was doing it for myself and no one else - he didn ' t mind whether I had it or not .               
The girl ' s father came looking for her and arrived at the settlement soon after she had been shot .                                                       
The announcement of the charges came just before the release of a video showing McDonald being shot multiple times -- 16 shots were fired in just 15 seconds .                                       
I ' ve gone on record many times saying that it doesn ' t mean anything to me ," he said .                                                     
" All nations , particularly those who seek a global leadership role , or have a global leadership role , have a responsibility to deal with this threat ," Mr Kerry said .                               
He told me it ' s a short career and you can be out the door as quickly as you come in .                                                   
" This matter was looked into and it has been determined that no offences have been committed ," they said in a statement .                                                 
The U . S . recently sent 200 additional special operations troops to Iraq , bringing the total number of coalition troops in the country to more than 3 , 300 .                                 
The coach of the team in each division with the highest points percentage on that date will coach that division ' s All - Star team .                                           
But I also want to point out to you that what you are saying is the exact right topic to all of these other candidates .                                             
David Cameron said the in - out vote " would follow " if agreement with EU leaders was reached on his reforms .                                                   
The legal proceedings show foreign - listed companies are not immune from regulatory investigation if they trade on price - sensitive information .                                                   
Mr Corbyn said : " We have a Freedom of Information Act which is very , very important because freedom of information is essential in any democracy if you are to hold to account those that exercise authority , power or administration .             
Now that we ' ve gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way , I want to thank everyone here for showing the men and women of Iowa the respect to show up and make the case to the people of this state .       
A government appointed commission is looking at whether to give new powers to ministers and officials to block requests from the public .                                                   
He ' s not in my opinion the sort of guy who ' s going to spend six , seven , eight months sitting at home doing nothing in particular .                                   
Celtic is a massive club in Europe so there is always going to be that type of pressure and when you don ' t win games questions will be asked .                                   
I value his experience a lot , even more than the moment of form you can have on the pitch sometimes .                                                     
Maybe it is because " stop " is an Old English word that French drivers have such difficulty understanding the concept .                                                     
Asia was the largest source of growth , with a 26 percent year - on - year jump in Indian visitors to more than 1 . 6 million people , making India Dubai ' s number one source of visitors .               
Yes , I am willing to meet him and discuss some of these issues in private ... away from the media .                                                     
Others may find you a bit too serious but there will be a time for fun and games later on .                                                       
He said Paris would begin preparing in the " coming weeks " an international conference bringing together the parties and their main partners , American , European and Arab .                                     
It doesn ' t matter where someone comes from , it matters what they did and that we can prove it .                                                     
The West team ' s win put them up two games with nine wins to the East ' s seven in the Army Bowl series .                                             
It ' s a work in progress - pretty much like cooking - but it ' s good to have something to get your teeth into , as disability can often lead to people feeling cut off .                     
It ' s also a reminder of the power that making compensation public can have when it comes to setting pay .                                                     
It was the first school shooting in Canada since 2007 , when a 15 - year - old boy was killed in a Toronto high school .                                           
I ' ve dealt with a couple of people for whom this win has meant that they could pay for a relative to have some private health care which really was life changing .                             
" It doesn ' t make a blind bit of difference how many times you have tried a particular set of numbers ," he says .                                             
The good news is that these are not only recommendations that are well within my legal authority and executive branch , but they are also ones that the overwhelming majority of American people - including gun owners - support .                 
The State Department said it wouldn ' t meet a court - ordered goal of making 82 percent of Clinton ' s emails from her time at State public by year ' s end .                           
It may be the kind of thing that means nothing to you but stop , think and , if necessary , say sorry .                                                 
It was unable to confirm how long the investigation might take , saying sometimes it has to go back and ask for more information , and each incident is dealt with on a case by case basis .                     
I won the gold in London four years ago so to try to defend that is another big goal for me .                                                     
But if we see a guy in a uniform with a family , a wife and three kids , then he ' s more like me .                                           
Most coaches wouldn ' t have found a way to win 12 regular season and one playoff game while losing most of their top offensive weapons as New England did this year .                               
After years of appeals , courts in Virginia and Vermont determined the case would be bound by the Vermont family court order .                                                   
After opening its borders for quite a while , their infrastructure is very stressed and they can ' t keep up with the numbers .                                               
We won ' t ever know what the success is , because it doesn ' t have a specific end of the kind we are used to .                                         
Sometimes that happens and we kind of ground out eight under on the weekend in what really could have been something special but it also could have been worse .                                     
The problems in Flint began nearly two years ago , in April 2014 , when the city began to draw its water from the Flint River to save money .                                     
Judge Watson said police were involved in the case but she did not reveal whether anyone has been charged with any offence .                                                   
One thing that may come out of all this is people being more active if they are struggling , and keeping an eye on each other .                                           
But parents in countries like the United States and China , which have a more limited support system for families and lower - income people , might be forced to choose , they say .                           
A 15 - year study of 130 , 000 men and women aged 45 and over found that the more days a week they had breakfast , the lower their risk of suffering a stroke .                         
We felt like this was the exact right time to show the Republican base that Marco Rubio is the one candidate best able to take on and take out Donald Trump .                                 
The European Union last year committed € 1 billion ($ 1 . 5 billion ) to its multi - nation research efforts .                                                   
Your daily look at late - breaking news , upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Friday .                                                       
" I think when we talk about foreign policy , most of us are pro - life ," he said .                                                       
On Sunday the Labour leader suggested that the British government should be open to keeping a diplomatic back - channel open to Isis .                                                 
It is extremely difficult to get clear answers about why the hold has been applied or when it will be lifted .                                                     
When stuff hits the fan , the last thing you want to do is completely lose it , because then you are not thinking straight .                                             
Following the leak , Smith released a statement describing the version of the report as " out of date " and said significant changes had been made to the final report , due to be released in six weeks " time .             
I want our schools to be ' great ' and , as these studies show , there is currently room for substantial improvement .                                                 
They said their teachers were not Syrian and could be brutal , sometimes beating them , but on the other hand the food was better than what their parents could give them .                               
The question for Democrats is this : Do you want a Democratic candidate whose vision is limited to what that candidate thinks the current Republican Congress will accept ?                                       
This was - and still is - music with a function , a tool to produce a result , much like modern dance music .                                               
And if there ' s nothing on someone ' s record , then no background check is going to raise a flag .                                                   
One of the gang also attempts to cover his eyes as he returns to move the camera for a second time .                                                     
" It shows you what benchmark you ' ve got to aim for and what things you have to do , not only on the field , but off the field , to achieve what you want to achieve ," Hunt said .           
The District is seeing an average of 1 , 000 new residents each month , and they all want a place to live .                                                 
The state has the highest rate of suicide in the US at nearly twice the national average and rising - up 7 . 3 % in 2014 .                                         
If you look at these mass - shootings , none of them would have been prevented by the things the president is pointing to .                                               
In a statement , the Bank of Japan said the policy would continue until they reach the inflation target of two per cent .                                                 
She played well on every point , she has got much better since we met at the French Open , she is going up and up and is such a good player .                               
I said that I am monitoring this on a regular basis and I will make the decision that is the appropriate decision I have to make when I have to make it ," Christie told reporters earlier Friday .                   
Not every one of them is going to succeed - we ' re well aware of that - but if you don ' t find out you ' ll never know .                                 
We always talk about that Davis Cup win for Djokovic , when he went on to have his best year in 2011 , the same thing ' s kind of happening for Murray at the moment .                       
There is an increasing awareness and concern at how we treat , use and abuse animals , and this is growing year on year .                                               
I met him outside the government building where he was told to show up along with the families of the dead to meet with officials .                                             
I hope even now that their review , which is being led by a Labour leader who is anti - nuclear and a shadow defence secretary who is anti - nuclear , will listen to more moderate mainstream Labour voices .               
The board said that , subject to the interest in each seat , elections would be held in February and those appointed will hold the office for three years , from April .                               
International crude will average $ 37 . 52 , down from $ 52 . 32 a barrel in 2015 , according to the agency .                                               
You get an email to confirm your purchase , but I didn ' t remember to check because it was just before Christmas and I was so busy .                                       
If the result [ from the paper ] is that we learn and improve our managing techniques , that ' s a good thing .                                               
It was five to eight minutes faster , depending on direction , than the previous summer - although the year - over - year improvement needs also to take into account an end to construction that had been under way in 2014 .           
That routine meant including his family - Dean had a daughter , 7 , and a son , 13 , at the time - in the process .                                         
I think he truly , truly understands what they want him to do and really gets it done on a pretty consistent basis .                                                 
But I ' m going to venture that it ' s not entirely crazy -- at least for employees who don ' t have jobs that are mission - critical .                                   
The government did see it - as far back as 2009 , when new HIV infections showed their first jump .                                                       
After not smoking , being a healthy weight is the most important thing people can do to reduce their cancer risk , the charity says .                                             
There needs to be support for local economies hit hard by these job losses , but we need to know the level of the impact of it all .                                       
The dancing grabbed the now 34 - year - old Swiss tennis master ' s attention in his third trip to the Brisbane International .                                               
Two of Canberra ' s best female players have also moved abroad to start college careers in the United States .                                                       
Women who have traveled to regions in which Zika is active and who report symptoms during or within two weeks of travel should be offered a test for Zika virus infection .                                 
A 30 - stone teacher died from a heart attack as firefighters discussed removing the window to get her out , an inquest heard .                                               
Both worked manufacturing jobs , and at one point both were laid off when the factory where they worked moved overseas .                                                     
If charged and convicted they could face at least six months in prison and a fine of £ 10 , 000 .                                                     
The Government ' s strategy into childhood obesity , which was scheduled to be published in December , will be published next month .                                                 
A spokesman from the company ' s head office said they had experienced " issues in the past " so would not allow any employee to talk , but we could speak to customers .                           
She said many people in Australia are working towards better models and some of the most advanced research in this area is being done in Australia .                                           
The number of people worldwide with Internet access reached 3 . 2 billion at the end of 2015 , but the remaining 4 . 1 billion still could not get online , a Facebook - sponsored study showed .                   
However , it is not for me to investigate or make any judgment on the actions of the reporters or programme makers .                                                   
If we get a good verdict , it will be a big step forward and give me security as a citizen of this country .                                               
The station was initially closed on Sunday morning after reports of a device being left , but nothing was found .                                                       
I really have to start thinking about what I ' m going to do with my future and acting is what I want to do .                                             
The first answer is transparency : better access to government data means everyone with the skills can assess the area of government activity that interests them .                                           
It ' s definitely tough for him , but hopefully these couple of games he ' s going to get his feet going again and hopefully he comes up feeling good .                                 
All you really need to watch out for is that , where joint money matters are concerned , you don ' t trust others more than you have to .                                     
He said she has been " our partner long - term ," and would help elect Democrats across the board .                                                       
But despite the pain , a part of me couldn ' t accept that all our plans for the future - holidays , marriage and babies - were never going to happen .                               
When I put it on my Facebook page , I thought there would be 10 or 12 people looking at it .                                                     
Twitter shares fell sharply in after - hours trading as its revenue forecast for the current quarter missed analysts " expectations , but the stock recovered much of that loss when Wall Street opened on Thursday .                       
I need to be careful not to expect too much , though my goals are high and we ' ll just have to wait and see what happens .                                       
The hope is that all of them will be up and running by July , and that 4 , 000 food bank users will receive some form of financial help and support via the scheme this year , rising to 7 , 500 in 2017 .     
" I want Trump to win the Republican nomination and I would love the opportunity to run against him ," he said .                                                   
" In this moment with no centre back fit , I would say it is a situation where we have to think about going into the transfer market ," he said after the victory .                           
I suspect one of the reasons the public don ' t warm to Mr Cameron is they suspect he isn ' t genuine .                                                 
Meanwhile , a young man , who works as a professional construction worker , is hanging pictures on a wall for someone who is disabled .                                             
A police station has been evacuated after reports that a bomb from World War One has been brought to the building .                                                     
20 ( UPI ) -- By now , you ' ve probably noticed presidential candidates spending quite a bit of time in Iowa .                                                   
It almost forces him to look at his own game , become a bit more independent and think for himself .                                                       
The votes on the hotel - tax bill and for Maryland Hall passed 90 - 51 , with little debate .                                                       
And , isn ' t a baby ' s health the most important thing - not whether it will be dressed in pink or blue ?                                             
Given that he ' s 8 - 1 to be at Real Madrid by the end of this month he might even - who knows - never score for them again .                                 
We welcome the leading role the UK has played in offering international aid to places affected by conflict , especially in the Syria region .                                               
You need to be honest with yourself about why a relationship is not working out the way you hoped it would .                                                     
The total amount spent in the retail industry was down 1 . 4 % in December compared with the previous month , but up 1 % compared with December 2014 .                                   
I think everything changed and we need to change ... I cannot accept to live with fear and not to change everything in my life .                                             
Like so many of the great men I met during the war , I don ' t know what happened to him ( or ) whether he even survived .                                     
' I think this is the last chance they have before voting begins and he ' s still within two points of Ted Cruz .                                               
And sometimes I feel a little bad for taking advantage of it , but you know it ' s worth it .                                                     
So even if you don ' t get the Oscar there is some success but still a huge problem in the whole studio system .                                               
The drone flew above them but initially its movements didn ' t indicate that it had anything to do with them .                                                     
After a long battle and extensive media exposure the family received the government funding they needed to keep the brothers at home .                                                   
" If you lose us , please come back and get us ," he asks the driver , having recalled a tale about his Italian grandmother .                                           
I ' m a confident boy and I feel as if I get back to the form that I showed at the start of the season then I can get myself back in this team .                         
Kerry acknowledged that " our differences will continue to test us " but stressed that the world benefits when the United States and China are able to work together , including on the Iran nuclear deal and climate change .                 
" I don ' t think they could do it any other time of the year except the roads were blocked off and there weren ' t many cars ," she said .                               
Each reason , if it had been the only reason , would not have been enough to stop us trying again , but all of them rolled into one is a different story .                             
I put out questions on that site to try to get answers back on how to improve the way we do our work .                                                 
The group had begun to air the ads in South Carolina before the legal team for one media company , Media General , determined it had to be pulled .                                     
This is beginning to look a significant season , the first in which at least two " big clubs ," and possibly three , go down .                                           
Venezuela is probably the single worst - off oil - producing country right now , with an economy in crisis and foreign exchange rapidly running low .                                           
It was expected that she would be charged with murder and refused bail to appear in court on Wednesday , a police spokesman said .                                               
Mr Xi says he wants a " final resolution " of differences over Taiwan , adding that this is not something to leave for the next generation .                                         
The issue will live or die depending on what Justice investigators , the only ones who know all the facts , decide .                                                   
Still , a senior Iranian oil official said the country could moderate oil export increases once the sanctions are lifted to avoid putting prices under further pressure .                                         
Tim Kennedy , national secretary of the National Union of Workers , said the current system saw all the risk being pushed onto the worker and no risk being born by the employer .                             
The challenge for operators , parents and politicians is to be innovative - and make travel for children more interesting at the same time .                                               
" That is not what I want and that is not what the country wants and that is no what President Obama called for ," Clinton said .                                         
Last summer , at least two people , including a former New York City school teacher , were charged in connection with the ongoing investigation .                                             
You always have to consider people the closest because 90 % of the time it ' s going to be the people that are closest to our victims that committed crime against them .                             
He stopped playing me and then at the start of the season he didn ' t even include me in the squad .                                                   
You do feel that if South Africa get it right in a session , they will do some proper damage .                                                       
" For reasons unknown to our Party at this time , Donald Trump has decided that this [ is ] an attack against his campaign ," he said in the email .                                 
So if you do wake up and can ' t sleep just then , get up and do something until you feel like going back to sleep .                                         
I would get calls every eight or 10 days , asking my head size and my neck size , and all these strange questions .                                               
Facebook is " incredibly important because the state limits what we can do on our website ," adds Mr . Nelson .                                                     
But given that most assets are currently expensive , it ' s not clear where investors will move their money if they start selling bonds .                                             
If all goes according to plan , the country will aim to increase its output to ten plants a year past 2020 .                                                   
" In the 1960s people thought it was good to get a house and a car , and we built our new family houses in suburbs around the city ," he said .                               
She told the BBC ' s One Show : ' She was born here and she grew up here until everything fell apart .                                                   
The plea deal with Billy Brown and his son calls for those charges to be dismissed , the newspaper reported .                                                       
Of course , in that there will be a debate about what has become known as the Scottish six o ' clock news .                                                 
The SNP budget will just make things worse , with £ 500 million of cuts to local councils for services like schools .                                                   
He ' s also more in the political extreme than most any other legitimate presidential candidate in recent history - just like Trump and Cruz .                                             
US stocks are widely regarded as being expensive at the moment , despite this week ' s sell - off .                                                       
" Then I started to panic ," because while a few non - restaurant - industry friends were with him , none of his staff was .                                           
As good as this news seemed to investors this week , Netflix also has more than its share of risks .                                                       
Centre Jamie Roberts says there is a lot of pressure on Wales when they host Scotland on Saturday , having drawn their Six Nations opener in Ireland .                                         
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has an opportunity to listen to the strong message that he has been given by the people who work in his own department .                                         
" They ' re ready to debut not just as a couple , but as a newly engaged couple ," OK ! magazine reported on Thursday .                                           
But I still believe it ' s a big difference top 10 for a week or for a year or for multiple years , and getting there is not easy .                                   
" How people use it and how people respond to it - that is going to be the best measure of success ," she said .                                             
