" I ' ve never claimed anything , until now ," he adds , as if that were a defence .                                                       
To me the substance matters much more than the timing , so if I can ' t get the right deal in February I will wait and I will keep going .                                 
And while the results are still not complete it looks like we ' ll have about half of the Iowa delegates .                                                     
In the past , we ' ve been less engaged in debate over membership of the EU in Scotland than our neighbours in England .                                               
If you ' re eating 10 or 15 percent more at every meal , that ' s going to add up .                                                     
One thing I would ask is done is that a better explanation is given to them all as to what the effects of any offer being made on them is personally .                                 
President Obama will deliver his final State of the Union address Tuesday at 9 p . m . and is expected to focus on the future , with the 2016 presidential election at stake later this year .                     
We could have simply ignored the book and done nothing - but we were convinced that we had to do something .                                                     
Some social media posts claim the photo was taken in Iraq , however , it ' s unclear when and where the original photo was taken .                                           
This certainly raises questions about the so - called legal advice she claimed to have received from inside the State Department that what she was doing was proper .                                       
In order to protect it as a Warriors " home " game it has been decided that there will be no general public sale , with only a limited number of tickets potentially released today and made available to Glasgow fans first .           
Earlier this week , the index entered a bear market , meaning it was down 20 % from a recent peak .                                                     
However , last week the ' Friday night deal ', which took over an hour to negotiate , appeared to do the trick .                                                 
Sir David added : " We will benefit from having experienced players , while we can provide the level of on field competition that younger Scottish players need to aid their development .                                 
It said : " There is little doubt that the closure of the previous work - study route has been one of the most damaging changes in UK immigration policy for the higher education sector .                           
We sometimes don ' t say it like it is because we think that ' ll play into the hands of the Sweden Democrats ," he said .                                         
It was once Syria ' s largest city and Assad ' s forces may have it surrounded in a matter of days .                                                   
The UK and Scottish governments are working together to tackle the problems that are building up in the North - east , and that ' s how it should be .                                   
In all , an estimated $ 1 . 4 billion is needed for food and other resources in 2016 , according to the government and aid partners .                                         
There is no use kicking yourself when future events make you wonder if it would not have been better to come to a different conclusion .                                             
" Iran has the capacity to become a financial leader in the region and the situation of the region such as refugees can improve if the financial situation of the region gets better ," he said .                       
There were a couple of cases in England last year so you would expect the odd case to pop up here .                                                     
' I was then stuck in the house for nearly two years only going out for short periods of time ,' she said .                                                 
A weekend poll released on Monday by the American Research Group has Kasich in second place at 17 percent among likely Republican voters in New Hampshire .                                           
Just because you ' re standing up for your position which is what she ' s doing doesn ' t mean that you are against their position or against them in that violent way that he ' s referring .                 
It ' s great that I can actually give people at home an indication of what we ' re actually trying to achieve while we ' re out there in different situations .                               
On Friday , that same jury found her guilty of being an Isis member and encouraging acts of terror on social media .                                                   
" You know , the Republicans are going to continue to use it , beat up on me ," she said .                                                     
I think it ' s one of the greatest parts of the game , and I hate to see that given up for a different set of rules in overtime .                                   
The police report expressed relief that no one was killed , but that appears to have been a matter of luck , not the result of any actions on the part of law enforcement .                           
Here ' s a sentence you might not have read before - five women candidates are standing to be included in the race to become the next Mayor of London .                                   
In 2014 , it was reported that such phones were used by those involved in a series of killings in Australia .                                                     
" There was an increased focus on getting a bigger return on the marketing dollars spent in 2016 ," an NRL spokesperson told Fairfax Media .                                             
We don ' t call it the state of the union in the first one , but a joint - session speech .                                                   
' Not if they aren ' t engaged in the business and aren ' t making a living doing it ,' he said .                                                 
" I promise you in the coming period you will see something different that will surprise everyone in terms of military action ," he said .                                             
Nearly half a million new homes in England and Wales have planning permission but are yet to be built , according to recent figures from the Local Government Association .                                     
The woman ' s disability is such that she is unable to say when the sex attack took place - simply that it happened at some point between December 1999 and February 2013 .                             
We have lots of doctors , teachers working in this country and if you don ' t trust them , that ' s going to create discrimination against them .                                     
He then picked up a piece of wood which was lying at the front door and repeatedly hit him on the head .                                                   
Because they don ' t want to run against me , because they know I can stop them in November .                                                       
We scored 71 points but our defense just isn ' t quite there where it needs to be , and they made some big plays .                                             
Victoria came out on top , with residents able to score 55 days off from taking just 20 days of annual leave this year , Queensland were next at 51 days followed by NSW with 50 .                       
I ' ve always said that I ' ve got to look my kids in the eyes and you want to play fair .                                                 
You need to fall in love with exercise , and that ' s a big thing I ' m pushing for ," she said .                                               
The campaign has previously only played radio ads in the state , many of which were targeted to African American voters in the state .                                               
If we feel something ' s preventing that from happening , we ' ll look into it for you and take appropriate action .                                                 
For one , as universities " mission has expanded beyond teaching and research , the job has become much more difficult .                                                     
The report cited regulatory challenges as the top concern of American businesses in China , with labor costs a close second .                                                     
" The more I talked about this idea to other artists , everybody felt the same way I did ," said Osborne .                                                   
The more children we therefore have to cross check against , the more likely it is that we can find these common features and give a diagnosis .                                         
" We ' re not sure if we will get the whole kitchen up and running but we will be doing our best ," he said .                                           
Since 2010 , Amazon has invested more than $ 16 . 3 billion on infrastructure and operations in Europe , with more than $ 6 . 6 billion invested in the UK .                               
But the thing that is most important to me and caused me to run for office is I ' m worried about the country and how much debt we ' re adding .                               
About 30 , 000 Israeli high - school students go on organised week - long trips to Poland every year .                                                       
When I left my husband I wasn ' t thinking about money , I was thinking about my well - being and state of mind .                                             
Once the product launched , positive reviews meant that investors approached the firm , rather than him being forced to seek out funding .                                                 
I just happen to think that this go - round we have a very unusual possibility if he makes it that far .                                                   
Earlier this week , Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said if elected president he will advocate for the states to call a constitutional convention to impose term limits on members of Congress .                               
The players are from all over the country , all parts of society and they are able to play together and win .                                                   
There hasn ' t been a big winner since then , although there have been smaller winners of $ 1 million and $ 2 million .                                             
They ' ve got to make it much easier to find something interesting , but we have known that for a long time and they haven ' t managed it .                                   
But the Google agreement could be seen as a " success " in so far as it would help to change the behaviour of other large companies , he said .                                   
We want to re - group institutions so that they can run as a single organisation , in terms of strategy , research and training .                                             
" It was always going to be tough in that group but the Wales game was the key one and you look back at it and the selection and style of play definitely did change ," he says .                   
For example , the Broadway version of the 2003 Hollywood comedy hit School Of Rock , for which he wrote the book , opened last month in New York .                                     
Some studies have suggested low - level drinking could protect men from heart disease but the guidance says this is no longer the case .                                               
I came back and had to text my friend because I actually didn ' t know when school was going back , I thought it was a week later .                                     
" I don ' t have a response ," Clinton said when asked if the controversy could hurt his wife ' s campaign on Thursday .                                             
But the risk to human health in this case is considered " very low ," according to Health Protection Scotland .                                                       
The hospital released no further details about the patient but it says that there is little risk of it spreading in Denmark because the mosquito carrying the virus isn ' t found in the country .                         
The world ' s most powerful investment bank had previously threatened to shift resources away from Britain if referendum voters back an exit .                                                 
" We ' re serving every student who could come to the university and be successful here ," he said .                                                       
But the relationship fell apart and he moved out soon after she returned from Africa and reportedly ended his affair soon after .                                                   
But when we got the call , our goal was -- we ' re not going to have them end up on the street .                                               
There ' s still some uncertainty about what effect a weekend storm will have on southern New England , but officials are preparing for the worst .                                           
The Guardian ' s report of the the initial story has since been taken down and is under investigation by the readers " editor .                                               
I threw up in the first five minutes of our first session , and he thought I was never going to come back , but I went back to him the next day .                             
He signed a new contract in October 2014 which has him tied to the club until the summer of 2019 - putting the French champions in a strong position in any transfer negotiations .                             
" This was a once in a life opportunity , they couldn ' t let it go ," one person familiar with the deal told Reuters .                                           
I thought I was completely forgotten because a new generation had appeared and to this new generation our names weren ' t even mentioned and our work wasn ' t shown .                                 
A pain forecast " would enable me to change my behaviour and activity and manage my life better ," she added .                                                     
And I think we have support because people over the years have seen the work that I am doing in standing up for working families and the middle class .                                     
We need to have that other person to bring it up and we ' re right there in the ball game .                                                     
At the end of the experiment , I wasn ' t dying to get my phone back or to access Facebook .                                                     
And that says nothing of the talent Kelly showed the door during his three - year run that likely set the franchise back as long , if not longer .                                     
" If we hadn ' t travelled business class , there is no doubt our recovery would not have been as good as it had been ," he said .                                     
Once the ties have been decided the FA Cup fourth round will be played between Friday February 29 and Monday March 1 .                                                   
The question now is which Rubio will show up at Thursday ' s final debate before voting begins in Iowa .                                                       
Clinton often spoke about foreign affairs with Blair such as potential peace in Ireland and the situations in Iraq and Russia .                                                     
The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application / type for the competitive landscape analysis .                                                   
" America needs a President who will push back against the growth of government -- and mean it ," the former New Mexico governor said in the email .                                       
But when it came down to it , he let five of his own guys get killed trying to protect him , then he gave himself up without a fight .                                   
" What is important is that you get to a much better position in the medium run ," he says .                                                       
" Speaking to him and looking at his body language , I think he ' s in a good place so hopefully what ' s happened this week won ' t affect his cricket too much ," White said .                 
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday it is likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief granted to Iran under a landmark nuclear deal will go to groups deemed terrorists .                   
It would be a good thing , both for the UK finances and for the image of these great companies , if they paid more .                                             
She won the Brisbane International leading into the first major of the season , and dropped only five games in her first three rounds at Melbourne Park .                                         
It is hard , especially not seeing our families , but we knew it was going to be tough ," she said .                                                   
" All that time he was like a great father to me and I ' m very grateful ," she told the website .                                                 
He said his men respect and love him because they know he will be there behind them when they go into combat .                                                   
" I ' m proud that I got into this position ," said the world number two , who suffered his fifth final defeat .                                               
" I ' ve adopted a New Year ' s resolution ," Clinton said when a man asked her what she thought about Trump ' s claim that she and President Barack Obama created ISIS .                         
The top - ranked Djokovic has now beaten Murray in four of the five finals he ' s lost at the Australian Open .                                                 
We must break from the politics of the past and do what is right for the long term future of our state .                                                   
They recently asked Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr . to keep the map from taking effect until after the 2016 election ; a decision on that request has not yet been made .                           
Most Sanders supporters interviewed over the weekend said they could easily support Hillary Clinton if she ended up as the Democratic nominee .                                                   
A senior opposition official suggested the opposition may not travel to Geneva in the absence of confidence - building measures by the government regarding humanitarian issues .                                           
If that really was thanks to their background reading , well , it clearly didn ' t do us any harm .                                                     
The idea of providing a window into an artists life behind the scenes isn ' t new , but it ' s becoming more common in music services .                                       
He didn ' t have the internet at home and he didn ' t like to be in strange or unknown places for too long .                                             
Other travel companies may say they are gay - friendly but when you look at the website , there are no gay couples holding hands , for example .                                       
We were such a popular act when we first started in 2008 and we had great success , so it was just a matter of time before we got the band back together .                             
At the moment the kids can walk to school on their own ... but we worry that that will all change ... we also worry about terrorism .                                         
I bought my one - bedroom flat for £ 68 , 000 and eventually sold it a couple of years later for £ 85 , 000 .                                           
The shop is near to a busy road and at this time there may have been a few people about .                                                       
Well , I mean , he ' s led the way , to be honest with you ; what he ' s done on immigration , when he signed those papers .                                 
" Even with the best efforts of the firefighters we are expecting the worst in the coming hours ," he told Reuters .                                                   
The annual speech to Congress , which is broadcast on prime time television , is an opportunity for the president to update the nation on his policies and set out a plan for the year ahead .                       
Although he scored on his debut , he found first - team opportunities hard to come by and hasn ' t made a single appearance this season .                                         
It was shocking to me , given all the work that I had done in the past to get us to be paid fairly .                                               
How long that is going to take I don ' t know , but I don ' t think winning a cup will help us to keep players .                                       
He has said the group will leave when there is a plan to transfer control of federal land to locals .                                                       
However , the Tory minister later told the Scottish Affairs committee that he would listen to concerns and take them to the prime minister .                                               
He cited the risk of some countries in the European Union wanting to re - establish borders within the 28 - nation bloc , as security issues grow over the lack of checks .                             
What is in it for him is that he can make his first moves towards becoming the next head coach .                                                       
Chris ' parents went about studying everything they could about their son ' s condition and visiting the greatest medical institutions in the country looking for guidance .                                         
Miami and the Los Angeles Lakers were the only teams to have home games on both Christmas and New Year ' s Day this season .                                             
However , many schools don ' t feel as confident as Smith in handling the duty imposed on them by the government , and may instead prefer to avoid discussion .                                   
I don ' t see it as any different from the five - a - day campaign : we know what we should be eating , but so many of us don ' t do it .                       
A friend of the Harris family told the Daily Star Sunday : " They have had estate agents in and out of the house .                                                 
That ' s why when I see her doing it , I keep thinking to myself she ' s got something special .                                                   
As long as they survive across Syria and Iraq , it is difficult to say how the borders will settle .                                                       
The Interior Ministry didn ' t get back in time with answers to CNN questions about reports of police violations .                                                       
He said that they are usually turned down , but each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .                                                       
Three years ago , the programme ' s cost was estimated at around $ 3 billion , and it has obviously risen still further .                                               
But some tech companies - even those that may want to work closely with Washington - find the idea toxic to their business interests .                                               
The relevant point here is that typically we wouldn ' t ever ask a man this same question when asking him about his career .                                               
But now I look at him and he ' s done so well for himself to give me and our family the life we have .                                             
In the interviews , a former Japanese soldier said women were required to have sex with 50 to 100 soldiers a day .                                                   
In the Fox News poll he had 34 per cent among Republican voters with Ted Cruz , the Texas senator , in second on 23 per cent , and Marco Rubio , the Florida senator , in third on 12 per cent .           
I went through five or six pages and said this is some of the best writing I ' ve read in my life .                                                 
We work hard on it and I hope in the next two or three days we get to the end of it .                                                   
Colombia ' s health ministry has advised women to delay becoming pregnant for six to eight months to avoid possible risks related to the Zika virus .                                           
The report said collaboration between the two countries has improved in the last year , but cited concerns about corruption among Mexican authorities .                                                 
" So when we face unprecedented and unexpected flooding we are able to give help to families when they need it ," he added .                                               
We ' ll have meetings in Dubai ( in January ) with a lot of the chief executives and certainly be talking to counterparts at Pakistan and South Africa .                                     
That would allow Mr Cameron to tell voters he had secured a deal on both in and out of work benefits ahead of the British referendum .                                           
We had to fight to keep that deep red color because there were people saying it was just too much trouble to produce it .                                               
People seeking asylum are not allowed to work and are only entitled to a £ 36 . 95 weekly payment card from the government .                                               
But it ' s also the way that health insurance works : depending on a large pool of healthy people to fund the higher health - care costs of those who do get sick .                           
This is a minimum of one out of two , and we ' re not just talking about their whole life .                                                     
I may hate my bigger nose but I soon discovered that it is definitely better than anything I could create with this app .                                                 
The survey findings come amid continuing concerns that many young people may be spending too much time online or watching TV .                                                     
" The way I look at it right now , I look at them equal ," said the 22 - year - old Masters and U . S . Open champion .                                 
This summer , they may end up making it instead as refugee athletes competing in the Olympic Games for a flag rather than a nation .                                             
That is a major reason why Bernie Sanders has linked the need for healthcare for all to his signature issue of the income gap .                                               
Most of British business has so far sat on its hands , although according to a Financial Times survey , only 1 % of British business leaders are for leaving .                                   
They found that many claimed to be from Syria but were mostly from North Africa , a suspicion which has already been widely reported .                                               
That is a risk you take , it was a poor game and we didn ' t create so much and neither did our opponent .                                             
He ' s a liberal Democrat and , win or lose , he ' s in the mainstream of the left wing of the Democratic party .                                           
There are now just 13 days remaining for clubs to sign players - will it be a period that ' s lucky for some ?                                               
He knows that at times , as I ' ve told him , because I care about him so much as a basketball player and as a person , I ' m going to be hard on him .                   
We enjoy a strong , historic relationship , based on common values and support for democracy , the rule of law , human rights and open markets .                                         
There is a huge prize for Britain if we can deal with the things that drive us up the wall about Europe .                                                   
What do you drive past two to three times a week and say " If I ' m elected I am going to fix that ?                                             
Still , it ' s far from certain that either the finance - focused start - ups or the bigger technology companies have found a way to generate sustainable profits from investment features .                             
Police believe the body of a fourth passenger in a deadly light plane crash off the Victorian coast could still be inside the plane .                                               
You know I think when I am thinking about these guys returning home today , they ' re never going to be the person they were before they were captured .                                   
If the FBI needs to follow up on something in a background check , they currently have three days to do it .                                                   
I usually don ' t put veterans in down the stretch like that and I asked him and he said , " I want to go , I want to play ," which was very nice .                         
It ' s a similar story for point guard Chris Paul , whose average of 32 . 0 minutes is down from 34 . 8 .                                             
Though the fact that he got caught was thanks to the co - operation between police forces in four different countries .                                                     
If they want to get serious about the northern economy they should stop moving civil service jobs to London , and start providing proper support instead of empty promises .                                     
Parker scored 14 points with 12 rebounds , to keep up with Arizona ' s Ryan Anderson , who had 15 and 15 .                                                 
You want to build the facilities where the athletes could train and feel at home right next to where they were living during their time .                                             
I know people want to see 49 - 48 but I don ' t think it ' s going to be that way ," he said .                                           
In recent days , several top Republicans appear to be coming to terms with a potential Trump victory in Iowa over Cruz .                                                   
But probably there is something that keeps us behind , and I still can ' t understand what it is ," she said .                                                 
According to a statement , use of the drug resulted in an average overall survival of 7 . 9 months in the overall study population .                                             
Most were born or now work in the United States , but Kenya , South Africa , Nigeria , Great Britain , Japan and Canada are also home , past or present .                               
They say they ' re performing a service to the country , and claim they aren ' t making much money from their tour .                                               
It was a shock when , after 11 years of marriage , the two announced they were breaking up in 2010 .                                                     
There were " several dozen " emails in question , according to Fox News , beyond the two previously reported emails containing top secret information .                                             
" Michael ' s our player and we can ' t stop clubs asking a question about him ," Wright told BBC Scotland .                                                 
She was the second SNP MP to leave the party following Edinburgh West MP ' s Michelle Thomson suspension over allegations of mortgage fraud involving property deals .                                         
In announcing his intention to stand again , Tony Abbott has stated he wants to focus on improving transport links on the northern beaches .                                               
That six - year old question feels even more relevant after Bristol City appointed Lee Johnson , son of the club ' s former manager Gary , as their new head coach last Saturday 6 February 2016 .                     
" Sometimes you just have to block people in life that you once believed to be your friend ," Evans responded .                                                     
Today ' s report that former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a 2016 presidential run raises a few questions .                                                   
He said it was ' difficult to say at this stage ' whether the attack involved one person or more .                                                       
She said that due to the nature of the accident her vehicle lost power and she could not get out .                                                       
" Trump offered to appear at the debate upon the condition that Fox News contribute $ 5 million to his charities ," the network said in a statement .                                       
The survey ' s overall wage and salary index rose sharply from October to its highest level in more than a decade .                                                   
Their values are my values and I am proud to ride for a team that has shown that you can win the biggest bike races in the world clean .                                     
" I thought I could help because I could see the space between the lines and this is the way I want to play ," he said .                                         
" It might sound funny given what happened on the pitch but it was the best game I have ever been to ," Martin said .                                             
That ' s a big statement , which has no reason to be true - but it is , in this case .                                                   
But our commitment to teachers has always been that we would get them the devices first to give them time to play and get familiar with them .                                         
Since the end of the global financial crisis in 2009 , the share going to the top 1 per cent has risen from 44 per cent to 50 per cent .                                   
