" I ' ve never claimed anything , until now ," he adds , as if that were a defence .                                                       
To me the substance matters much more than the timing , so if I can ' t get the right deal in February I will wait and I will keep going .                                 
And while the results are still not complete it looks like we ' ll have about half of the Iowa delegates .                                                     
In the past , we ' ve been less engaged in debate over membership of the EU in Scotland than our neighbours in England .                                               
If you ' re eating 10 or 15 percent more at every meal , that ' s going to add up .                                                     
One thing I would ask is done is that a better explanation is given to them all as to what the effects of any offer being made on them is personally .                                 
President Obama will deliver his final State of the Union address Tuesday at 9 p . m . and is expected to focus on the future , with the 2016 presidential election at stake later this year .                     
We could have simply ignored the book and done nothing - but we were convinced that we had to do something .                                                     
Some social media posts claim the photo was taken in Iraq , however , it ' s unclear when and where the original photo was taken .                                           
This certainly raises questions about the so - called legal advice she claimed to have received from inside the State Department that what she was doing was proper .                                       
In order to protect it as a Warriors " home " game it has been decided that there will be no general public sale , with only a limited number of tickets potentially released today and made available to Glasgow fans first .           
Earlier this week , the index entered a bear market , meaning it was down 20 % from a recent peak .                                                     
However , last week the ' Friday night deal ', which took over an hour to negotiate , appeared to do the trick .                                                 
Sir David added : " We will benefit from having experienced players , while we can provide the level of on field competition that younger Scottish players need to aid their development .                                 
It said : " There is little doubt that the closure of the previous work - study route has been one of the most damaging changes in UK immigration policy for the higher education sector .                           
We sometimes don ' t say it like it is because we think that ' ll play into the hands of the Sweden Democrats ," he said .                                         
It was once Syria ' s largest city and Assad ' s forces may have it surrounded in a matter of days .                                                   
The UK and Scottish governments are working together to tackle the problems that are building up in the North - east , and that ' s how it should be .                                   
In all , an estimated $ 1 . 4 billion is needed for food and other resources in 2016 , according to the government and aid partners .                                         
There is no use kicking yourself when future events make you wonder if it would not have been better to come to a different conclusion .                                             
" Iran has the capacity to become a financial leader in the region and the situation of the region such as refugees can improve if the financial situation of the region gets better ," he said .                       
There were a couple of cases in England last year so you would expect the odd case to pop up here .                                                     
' I was then stuck in the house for nearly two years only going out for short periods of time ,' she said .                                                 
A weekend poll released on Monday by the American Research Group has Kasich in second place at 17 percent among likely Republican voters in New Hampshire .                                           
Just because you ' re standing up for your position which is what she ' s doing doesn ' t mean that you are against their position or against them in that violent way that he ' s referring .                 
It ' s great that I can actually give people at home an indication of what we ' re actually trying to achieve while we ' re out there in different situations .                               
On Friday , that same jury found her guilty of being an Isis member and encouraging acts of terror on social media .                                                   
" You know , the Republicans are going to continue to use it , beat up on me ," she said .                                                     
I think it ' s one of the greatest parts of the game , and I hate to see that given up for a different set of rules in overtime .                                   
The police report expressed relief that no one was killed , but that appears to have been a matter of luck , not the result of any actions on the part of law enforcement .                           
Here ' s a sentence you might not have read before - five women candidates are standing to be included in the race to become the next Mayor of London .                                   
In 2014 , it was reported that such phones were used by those involved in a series of killings in Australia .                                                     
" There was an increased focus on getting a bigger return on the marketing dollars spent in 2016 ," an NRL spokesperson told Fairfax Media .                                             
We don ' t call it the state of the union in the first one , but a joint - session speech .                                                   
' Not if they aren ' t engaged in the business and aren ' t making a living doing it ,' he said .                                                 
" I promise you in the coming period you will see something different that will surprise everyone in terms of military action ," he said .                                             
Nearly half a million new homes in England and Wales have planning permission but are yet to be built , according to recent figures from the Local Government Association .                                     
The woman ' s disability is such that she is unable to say when the sex attack took place - simply that it happened at some point between December 1999 and February 2013 .                             
We have lots of doctors , teachers working in this country and if you don ' t trust them , that ' s going to create discrimination against them .                                     
He then picked up a piece of wood which was lying at the front door and repeatedly hit him on the head .                                                   
Because they don ' t want to run against me , because they know I can stop them in November .                                                       
We scored 71 points but our defense just isn ' t quite there where it needs to be , and they made some big plays .                                             
Victoria came out on top , with residents able to score 55 days off from taking just 20 days of annual leave this year , Queensland were next at 51 days followed by NSW with 50 .                       
I ' ve always said that I ' ve got to look my kids in the eyes and you want to play fair .                                                 
You need to fall in love with exercise , and that ' s a big thing I ' m pushing for ," she said .                                               
The campaign has previously only played radio ads in the state , many of which were targeted to African American voters in the state .                                               
If we feel something ' s preventing that from happening , we ' ll look into it for you and take appropriate action .                                                 
For one , as universities " mission has expanded beyond teaching and research , the job has become much more difficult .                                                     
The report cited regulatory challenges as the top concern of American businesses in China , with labor costs a close second .                                                     
" The more I talked about this idea to other artists , everybody felt the same way I did ," said Osborne .                                                   
The more children we therefore have to cross check against , the more likely it is that we can find these common features and give a diagnosis .                                         
" We ' re not sure if we will get the whole kitchen up and running but we will be doing our best ," he said .                                           
Since 2010 , Amazon has invested more than $ 16 . 3 billion on infrastructure and operations in Europe , with more than $ 6 . 6 billion invested in the UK .                               
But the thing that is most important to me and caused me to run for office is I ' m worried about the country and how much debt we ' re adding .                               
About 30 , 000 Israeli high - school students go on organised week - long trips to Poland every year .                                                       
When I left my husband I wasn ' t thinking about money , I was thinking about my well - being and state of mind .                                             
Once the product launched , positive reviews meant that investors approached the firm , rather than him being forced to seek out funding .                                                 
I just happen to think that this go - round we have a very unusual possibility if he makes it that far .                                                   
Earlier this week , Republican presidential candidate Marco Rubio said if elected president he will advocate for the states to call a constitutional convention to impose term limits on members of Congress .                               
The players are from all over the country , all parts of society and they are able to play together and win .                                                   
There hasn ' t been a big winner since then , although there have been smaller winners of $ 1 million and $ 2 million .                                             
They ' ve got to make it much easier to find something interesting , but we have known that for a long time and they haven ' t managed it .                                   
But the Google agreement could be seen as a " success " in so far as it would help to change the behaviour of other large companies , he said .                                   
We want to re - group institutions so that they can run as a single organisation , in terms of strategy , research and training .                                             
" It was always going to be tough in that group but the Wales game was the key one and you look back at it and the selection and style of play definitely did change ," he says .                   
For example , the Broadway version of the 2003 Hollywood comedy hit School Of Rock , for which he wrote the book , opened last month in New York .                                     
Some studies have suggested low - level drinking could protect men from heart disease but the guidance says this is no longer the case .                                               
I came back and had to text my friend because I actually didn ' t know when school was going back , I thought it was a week later .                                     
" I don ' t have a response ," Clinton said when asked if the controversy could hurt his wife ' s campaign on Thursday .                                             
But the risk to human health in this case is considered " very low ," according to Health Protection Scotland .                                                       
The hospital released no further details about the patient but it says that there is little risk of it spreading in Denmark because the mosquito carrying the virus isn ' t found in the country .                         
The world ' s most powerful investment bank had previously threatened to shift resources away from Britain if referendum voters back an exit .                                                 
" We ' re serving every student who could come to the university and be successful here ," he said .                                                       
But the relationship fell apart and he moved out soon after she returned from Africa and reportedly ended his affair soon after .                                                   
But when we got the call , our goal was -- we ' re not going to have them end up on the street .                                               
There ' s still some uncertainty about what effect a weekend storm will have on southern New England , but officials are preparing for the worst .                                           
The Guardian ' s report of the the initial story has since been taken down and is under investigation by the readers " editor .                                               
I threw up in the first five minutes of our first session , and he thought I was never going to come back , but I went back to him the next day .                             
He signed a new contract in October 2014 which has him tied to the club until the summer of 2019 - putting the French champions in a strong position in any transfer negotiations .                             
" This was a once in a life opportunity , they couldn ' t let it go ," one person familiar with the deal told Reuters .                                           
I thought I was completely forgotten because a new generation had appeared and to this new generation our names weren ' t even mentioned and our work wasn ' t shown .                                 
A pain forecast " would enable me to change my behaviour and activity and manage my life better ," she added .                                                     
And I think we have support because people over the years have seen the work that I am doing in standing up for working families and the middle class .                                     
We need to have that other person to bring it up and we ' re right there in the ball game .                                                     
At the end of the experiment , I wasn ' t dying to get my phone back or to access Facebook .                                                     
And that says nothing of the talent Kelly showed the door during his three - year run that likely set the franchise back as long , if not longer .                                     
" If we hadn ' t travelled business class , there is no doubt our recovery would not have been as good as it had been ," he said .                                     
Once the ties have been decided the FA Cup fourth round will be played between Friday February 29 and Monday March 1 .                                                   
The question now is which Rubio will show up at Thursday ' s final debate before voting begins in Iowa .                                                       
Clinton often spoke about foreign affairs with Blair such as potential peace in Ireland and the situations in Iraq and Russia .                                                     
The total market is further divided by company , by country , and by application / type for the competitive landscape analysis .                                                   
" America needs a President who will push back against the growth of government -- and mean it ," the former New Mexico governor said in the email .                                       
But when it came down to it , he let five of his own guys get killed trying to protect him , then he gave himself up without a fight .                                   
" What is important is that you get to a much better position in the medium run ," he says .                                                       
" Speaking to him and looking at his body language , I think he ' s in a good place so hopefully what ' s happened this week won ' t affect his cricket too much ," White said .                 
U . S . Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday it is likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief granted to Iran under a landmark nuclear deal will go to groups deemed terrorists .                   
It would be a good thing , both for the UK finances and for the image of these great companies , if they paid more .                                             
She won the Brisbane International leading into the first major of the season , and dropped only five games in her first three rounds at Melbourne Park .                                         
It is hard , especially not seeing our families , but we knew it was going to be tough ," she said .                                                   
" All that time he was like a great father to me and I ' m very grateful ," she told the website .                                                 
He said his men respect and love him because they know he will be there behind them when they go into combat .                                                   
" I ' m proud that I got into this position ," said the world number two , who suffered his fifth final defeat .                                               
" I ' ve adopted a New Year ' s resolution ," Clinton said when a man asked her what she thought about Trump ' s claim that she and President Barack Obama created ISIS .                         
The top - ranked Djokovic has now beaten Murray in four of the five finals he ' s lost at the Australian Open .                                                 
We must break from the politics of the past and do what is right for the long term future of our state .                                                   
They recently asked Chief Justice John G . Roberts Jr . to keep the map from taking effect until after the 2016 election ; a decision on that request has not yet been made .                           
Most Sanders supporters interviewed over the weekend said they could easily support Hillary Clinton if she ended up as the Democratic nominee .                                                   
A senior opposition official suggested the opposition may not travel to Geneva in the absence of confidence - building measures by the government regarding humanitarian issues .                                           
If that really was thanks to their background reading , well , it clearly didn ' t do us any harm .                                                     
The idea of providing a window into an artists life behind the scenes isn ' t new , but it ' s becoming more common in music services .                                       
He didn ' t have the internet at home and he didn ' t like to be in strange or unknown places for too long .                                             
Other travel companies may say they are gay - friendly but when you look at the website , there are no gay couples holding hands , for example .                                       
We were such a popular act when we first started in 2008 and we had great success , so it was just a matter of time before we got the band back together .                             
At the moment the kids can walk to school on their own ... but we worry that that will all change ... we also worry about terrorism .                                         
I bought my one - bedroom flat for £ 68 , 000 and eventually sold it a couple of years later for £ 85 , 000 .                                           
The shop is near to a busy road and at this time there may have been a few people about .                                                       
Well , I mean , he ' s led the way , to be honest with you ; what he ' s done on immigration , when he signed those papers .                                 
" Even with the best efforts of the firefighters we are expecting the worst in the coming hours ," he told Reuters .                                                   
The annual speech to Congress , which is broadcast on prime time television , is an opportunity for the president to update the nation on his policies and set out a plan for the year ahead .                       
Although he scored on his debut , he found first - team opportunities hard to come by and hasn ' t made a single appearance this season .                                         
It was shocking to me , given all the work that I had done in the past to get us to be paid fairly .                                               
How long that is going to take I don ' t know , but I don ' t think winning a cup will help us to keep players .                                       
He has said the group will leave when there is a plan to transfer control of federal land to locals .                                                       
However , the Tory minister later told the Scottish Affairs committee that he would listen to concerns and take them to the prime minister .                                               
He cited the risk of some countries in the European Union wanting to re - establish borders within the 28 - nation bloc , as security issues grow over the lack of checks .                             
What is in it for him is that he can make his first moves towards becoming the next head coach .                                                       
Chris ' parents went about studying everything they could about their son ' s condition and visiting the greatest medical institutions in the country looking for guidance .                                         
Miami and the Los Angeles Lakers were the only teams to have home games on both Christmas and New Year ' s Day this season .                                             
However , many schools don ' t feel as confident as Smith in handling the duty imposed on them by the government , and may instead prefer to avoid discussion .                                   
I don ' t see it as any different from the five - a - day campaign : we know what we should be eating , but so many of us don ' t do it .                       
A friend of the Harris family told the Daily Star Sunday : " They have had estate agents in and out of the house .                                                 
That ' s why when I see her doing it , I keep thinking to myself she ' s got something special .                                                   
As long as they survive across Syria and Iraq , it is difficult to say how the borders will settle .                                                       
The Interior Ministry didn ' t get back in time with answers to CNN questions about reports of police violations .                                                       
He said that they are usually turned down , but each one means a judge has to schedule a hearing .                                                       
Three years ago , the programme ' s cost was estimated at around $ 3 billion , and it has obviously risen still further .                                               
But some tech companies - even those that may want to work closely with Washington - find the idea toxic to their business interests .                                               
The relevant point here is that typically we wouldn ' t ever ask a man this same question when asking him about his career .                                               
But now I look at him and he ' s done so well for himself to give me and our family the life we have .                                             
In the interviews , a former Japanese soldier said women were required to have sex with 50 to 100 soldiers a day .                                                   
In the Fox News poll he had 34 per cent among Republican voters with Ted Cruz , the Texas senator , in second on 23 per cent , and Marco Rubio , the Florida senator , in third on 12 per cent .           
I went through five or six pages and said this is some of the best writing I ' ve read in my life .                                                 
We work hard on it and I hope in the next two or three days we get to the end of it .                                                   
Colombia ' s health ministry has advised women to delay becoming pregnant for six to eight months to avoid possible risks related to the Zika virus .                                           
The report said collaboration between the two countries has improved in the last year , but cited concerns about corruption among Mexican authorities .                                                 
" So when we face unprecedented and unexpected flooding we are able to give help to families when they need it ," he added .                                               
We ' ll have meetings in Dubai ( in January ) with a lot of the chief executives and certainly be talking to counterparts at Pakistan and South Africa .                                     
That would allow Mr Cameron to tell voters he had secured a deal on both in and out of work benefits ahead of the British referendum .                                           
We had to fight to keep that deep red color because there were people saying it was just too much trouble to produce it .                                               
People seeking asylum are not allowed to work and are only entitled to a £ 36 . 95 weekly payment card from the government .                                               
But it ' s also the way that health insurance works : depending on a large pool of healthy people to fund the higher health - care costs of those who do get sick .                           
This is a minimum of one out of two , and we ' re not just talking about their whole life .                                                     
I may hate my bigger nose but I soon discovered that it is definitely better than anything I could create with this app .                                                 
The survey findings come amid continuing concerns that many young people may be spending too much time online or watching TV .                                                     
" The way I look at it right now , I look at them equal ," said the 22 - year - old Masters and U . S . Open champion .                                 
This summer , they may end up making it instead as refugee athletes competing in the Olympic Games for a flag rather than a nation .                                             
That is a major reason why Bernie Sanders has linked the need for healthcare for all to his signature issue of the income gap .                                               
Most of British business has so far sat on its hands , although according to a Financial Times survey , only 1 % of British business leaders are for leaving .                                   
They found that many claimed to be from Syria but were mostly from North Africa , a suspicion which has already been widely reported .                                               
That is a risk you take , it was a poor game and we didn ' t create so much and neither did our opponent .                                             
He ' s a liberal Democrat and , win or lose , he ' s in the mainstream of the left wing of the Democratic party .                                           
There are now just 13 days remaining for clubs to sign players - will it be a period that ' s lucky for some ?                                               
He knows that at times , as I ' ve told him , because I care about him so much as a basketball player and as a person , I ' m going to be hard on him .                   
We enjoy a strong , historic relationship , based on common values and support for democracy , the rule of law , human rights and open markets .                                         
There is a huge prize for Britain if we can deal with the things that drive us up the wall about Europe .                                                   
What do you drive past two to three times a week and say " If I ' m elected I am going to fix that ?                                             
Still , it ' s far from certain that either the finance - focused start - ups or the bigger technology companies have found a way to generate sustainable profits from investment features .                             
Police believe the body of a fourth passenger in a deadly light plane crash off the Victorian coast could still be inside the plane .                                               
You know I think when I am thinking about these guys returning home today , they ' re never going to be the person they were before they were captured .                                   
If the FBI needs to follow up on something in a background check , they currently have three days to do it .                                                   
I usually don ' t put veterans in down the stretch like that and I asked him and he said , " I want to go , I want to play ," which was very nice .                         
It ' s a similar story for point guard Chris Paul , whose average of 32 . 0 minutes is down from 34 . 8 .                                             
Though the fact that he got caught was thanks to the co - operation between police forces in four different countries .                                                     
If they want to get serious about the northern economy they should stop moving civil service jobs to London , and start providing proper support instead of empty promises .                                     
Parker scored 14 points with 12 rebounds , to keep up with Arizona ' s Ryan Anderson , who had 15 and 15 .                                                 
You want to build the facilities where the athletes could train and feel at home right next to where they were living during their time .                                             
I know people want to see 49 - 48 but I don ' t think it ' s going to be that way ," he said .                                           
In recent days , several top Republicans appear to be coming to terms with a potential Trump victory in Iowa over Cruz .                                                   
But probably there is something that keeps us behind , and I still can ' t understand what it is ," she said .                                                 
According to a statement , use of the drug resulted in an average overall survival of 7 . 9 months in the overall study population .                                             
Most were born or now work in the United States , but Kenya , South Africa , Nigeria , Great Britain , Japan and Canada are also home , past or present .                               
They say they ' re performing a service to the country , and claim they aren ' t making much money from their tour .                                               
It was a shock when , after 11 years of marriage , the two announced they were breaking up in 2010 .                                                     
There were " several dozen " emails in question , according to Fox News , beyond the two previously reported emails containing top secret information .                                             
" Michael ' s our player and we can ' t stop clubs asking a question about him ," Wright told BBC Scotland .                                                 
She was the second SNP MP to leave the party following Edinburgh West MP ' s Michelle Thomson suspension over allegations of mortgage fraud involving property deals .                                         
In announcing his intention to stand again , Tony Abbott has stated he wants to focus on improving transport links on the northern beaches .                                               
That six - year old question feels even more relevant after Bristol City appointed Lee Johnson , son of the club ' s former manager Gary , as their new head coach last Saturday 6 February 2016 .                     
" Sometimes you just have to block people in life that you once believed to be your friend ," Evans responded .                                                     
Today ' s report that former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is considering a 2016 presidential run raises a few questions .                                                   
He said it was ' difficult to say at this stage ' whether the attack involved one person or more .                                                       
She said that due to the nature of the accident her vehicle lost power and she could not get out .                                                       
" Trump offered to appear at the debate upon the condition that Fox News contribute $ 5 million to his charities ," the network said in a statement .                                       
The survey ' s overall wage and salary index rose sharply from October to its highest level in more than a decade .                                                   
Their values are my values and I am proud to ride for a team that has shown that you can win the biggest bike races in the world clean .                                     
" I thought I could help because I could see the space between the lines and this is the way I want to play ," he said .                                         
" It might sound funny given what happened on the pitch but it was the best game I have ever been to ," Martin said .                                             
That ' s a big statement , which has no reason to be true - but it is , in this case .                                                   
But our commitment to teachers has always been that we would get them the devices first to give them time to play and get familiar with them .                                         
Since the end of the global financial crisis in 2009 , the share going to the top 1 per cent has risen from 44 per cent to 50 per cent .                                   
Over the past decade in America , more than 100 , 000 people have been killed as a result of gun violence , the White House says .                                         
There aren ' t words for most of the relationships in English or in French - or if there are , they sound wrong .                                               
But , evidence suggests that parents can use simple techniques to help their child build their confidence in what they can achieve .                                                   
So , perhaps the most interesting figure from Facebook ' s earnings report is just how much each and every user is worth , on average , to the social network .                                 
Last September , Austria and Germany opened their borders to refugees and migrants fleeing war and poverty in the Middle East , Afghanistan and other conflict - torn regions .                                     
In the end , they were aggressive and really wanting to get a good result , and we didn ' t have that enough .                                               
But in October , a federal judge in Oregon ruled their terms were too short under U . S . law and ordered them back to prison for about four years each .                               
I like dealing with people , there is a passion about that whether it is working with them on a training ground or dealing with a 16 - year - old who has a problem I can help him out with .             
" I don ' t know what happened , but there wasn ' t any money involved from my end ," she said .                                                 
To take his journey through the city I was looking for answers not just about what is there now , but how it grew .                                               
" Foreign fighters who have returned to Australia are considered by law enforcement and security agencies on a case - by - case basis ," she said .                                         
One key to the referendum ' s outcome will be how Europe looks to British voters at the moment the referendum is held .                                                 
Whether it is health , guns or a Donald Trump rally , the US can be really very different from the UK .                                                   
The new top tweets section is targeted at people who aren ' t away from Twitter that long , but may follow hundreds or thousands of people and might not see tweets they may find relevant .                       
He said : " I saw the car running over the little girl , I ran towards her but by the time I got to her she was already up and walking .                                 
The site , the exact location of which we ' ve been asked not to reveal in order to protect it , is 1 , 100 square meters and 2 meters ( 6 feet ) below the modern ground surface .               
The whole trip came as a total surprise for the 60 - year - old , who lives in a rural Polish village , and has never travelled beyond the country for a holiday .                           
It emerged yesterday that the cat and at least one dog had been left in the care of a man while the family who own them went on holiday .                                     
Any team that win the title need a bit of luck along the way and , on Sunday , Spurs got some with that decision .                                             
The moderate opposition remains firm in its struggle to combat the Syrian regime , as well as the growing threat from terrorism in Syria .                                               
It is a major coup for Wales , which beat off more than 20 other countries to secure the deal .                                                       
' We have all seen the pictures of the desperate conditions people are living in across Europe , including just miles from the UK ' s border .                                         
Many former aides have signed on with New Jersey Gov . Christie , who is hoping an impressive Iowa showing can launch him to victory eight days later in New Hampshire .                                 
But it ' s almost impossible to re - introduce a woman who has been in the spotlight for so long , and whom everybody believes they know .                                       
" There is no evidence that there is a level of exercise that is dangerous or too much for a normal , healthy person ," Thompson told me .                                       
He felt that more countries would become like Cuba if America wasn ' t the strongest country in the world .                                                       
The New York Times reported Wednesday that the campaign has two ads ready to go - one , a positive spot ; the other , an attack on Clinton ' s Wall Street ties .                           
One , in certain areas of the country this could lead to fewer properties being bought by investors - therefore reducing demand and potentially price .                                             
The newspaper backed Clinton in the 2008 presidential election and endorsed her twice during her two New York races for the U . S . Senate .                                           
He called the nuclear test a " self - defensive " measure his country had to take in the face of American nuclear threats .                                               
That school , however , has only a basic after - school arts program , so now she is left searching for other options .                                               
It ' s the latest of a number of task forces and investigations into the causes of the pollution and how to make things right for Flint .                                         
Because you ' d get used to them , and you didn ' t know how to function without them ," he explained .                                                 
It would be great to get a couple of wins , not only for myself but for my country " he said .                                                   
It can ' t be about box office , because I think black actors and stories along those lines have been doing very , very well , obviously .                                       
More details will also be given on its plans to reform education after criticism of its record on closing the gap between rich and poor pupils .                                           
I ' ve got a guy I can really scheme with , the rest of the guys can kind of fall in line from that .                                             
Their investments are also saving people thousands of dollars a year , despite claims by the fossil fuel industry that clean energy would cost more .                                             
" I was really stressed about it , but when you have children you have to button it up ," she said .                                                   
" It ' s good [ being on the board ] because I know what is going on ," he added .                                                     
The nearly five - year conflict has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people and created a massive refugee crisis in the region as well as in Europe .                                       
But the limited benefits from reducing class size come at a cost ; there are many cheaper and more effective ways to improve educational performance .                                             
Once you reach state pension age , you won ' t have to pay it at all - even if you ' re still working .                                             
Now , however , scientists say drinking a strong coffee in the morning can deliver a much needed boost without setting the heart racing .                                               
In a Middle East torn apart by war and conflict , fighters are increasingly using food as a weapon of war .                                                     
She said : ' When you are told your child has cancer , you are just left in a state of shock .                                                     
Yet in his referendum negotiations the Prime Minister is seeking only a limit to the benefits EU workers can claim .                                                       
The industry also claims soft drinks are responsible for only the fifth biggest source of sugar in a family diet , below milk and cream .                                             
To be truly elite , we have to buy into a set of values and principles that we believe in .                                                       
These ancient humans lived across much of Europe and Asia for almost 200 , 000 years before modern humans arrived between 60 , 000 and 40 , 000 years ago .                                   
" This is a difficult but important conversation , and it ' s time for big changes ," she said .                                                       
" There are lots of reasons why Americans today are feeling left out and left behind ," Obama ' s former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at Thursday night ' s Democratic primary debate .                         
The 27 - year - old was on the bench for the majority of the game before taking the field late into the fourth quarter as part of the special teams unit .                               
The court said the ruling applied to all acts that have been taken or will be taken by the current assembly .                                                     
The poll ' s results suggested that if a new election were held now , three of the five parties in parliament would lose all their seats .                                         
The changes would focus on reducing personal income tax and , " to the extent that is possible ," cutting company tax .                                                     
He said the party did not process the information it was picking up from voters properly , and as a result members of the shadow cabinet were sent to campaign in the wrong places .                           
It ' s a great club and we have shown people we can be fighting up there at the top of the league .                                                 
Many experts said officials should have expected such an attack , because in recent years , violence has nearly always followed signs of warming ties between India and Pakistan .                                     
They discussed how the UK could help with plans to reform the economy in particular on energy , transparency , energy and science .                                                 
" Out there you can see you saying , " well played " and those sorts of things ( to his opponent ) - has that been helping you ?" the journalist asked .                                 
In a 2012 interview . he compared his critics to the eighth - grade basketball coach who wouldn ' t include him in the team even though he hit every shot .                                 
' But when I did this signature all of a sudden I was receiving letters and phone calls telling me I couldn ' t ' have it .                                         
That ' s all you can do as a player : stick on the shirt every week and play as well as you can and try to get in the squad .                                 
Its truth - telling take on economic issues -- America ' s and , by extension , the world ' s -- concerns everyone , rich and poor , left and right .                               
The armed groups - three of the largest of which are listed below - have a complex relationship with the Iraqi state .                                                   
He said : ' It is entirely possible that if somebody doesn ' t like where they are being sent , that they simply re - apply again later in order to get sent somewhere else .                         
We are taking action in line with our policies against those who played a key part in this incident and we have also been in contact with the police .                                     
It is so lovely of you to take an interest in my appearance , but the truth is that anyone who has made clothes for me is now dead or at least out of the workplace .                       
We have just got to make sure we are well prepared and if we deliver the level of performance we are capable of we will be a match for most teams .                                 
" It ' s nice they ' ve asked for the South African girls to be part of it ," she said .                                                   
Is that the one where you sit on the floor and don ' t learn to read until you ' re 7 ?                                                   
The first estimate of gross domestic product ( GDP ) for the final quarter of 2015 is due to be published later .                                                   
" It ' s sad that it took an investigation by the BBC to get the documents off the internet ," they said .                                                 
But the Government would be allowed to create a new ' social payment ' for young British adults to ensure nobody here was left out of pocket .                                         
Martin said that he ' d lived in Scotland for years and would be remaining north of border regardless of the outcome tonight .                                                 
We talk about the young players making the transition from academy football to first - team football , getting the quality of challenge , then European football would be perfect for us .                               
We have research that says girls as young as five years old are worried about the way they look and their size .                                                   
That way , you ' re making it absolutely clear that you have problems , but that you have no intention of discussing them .                                               
And a win tonight could mean they have a good chance of winning the Academy Award for their performances next month .                                                     
I ' m not the most social person , so to get this from you guys means absolutely everything to me .                                                     
And almost as soon as we set foot in the door , he was offering to drive us down to the local pub for dinner that evening .                                         
He told police she took hold of his hand and moved it herself to her chest , the jury has heard .                                                     
Texas Governor Greg Abbott , an abortion opponent , stressed that the grand jury decision would not impact the state ' s own investigation into the case .                                         
The couple said they heard the sounds of rushing water coming from the locked room , but decided to ignore it .                                                     
But I guess you can ' t see , you are just on your big old mission of self destruction , the only one you know and understand .                                       
It also urged patients to get tested and said it was providing free testing for those who may have been exposed .                                                     
George W . Bush has been an even bigger presence -- even before he takes to the campaign trail this weekend to support his brother ' s effort in South Carolina .                                 
A year to focus resources , thinking and community action into the A - League to kick - start the next stage of growth .                                               
The City was encouraged by Sky ' s results with the company ' s share price rising 2 . 2 % in early trading .                                               
He said Dylan had been hit by a car but when I ran outside I could not find him or hear him .                                                   
" If Obama had been a really good president , we wouldn ' t have this uncertainty ," he said .                                                       
This latest poll , which took place January 26 - 29 , has Clinton ahead of Sanders by only 3 points .                                                     
A spokesman would only say : ' We do not have information about the escape of the man and have no orders to catch him .                                               
Even if Leicester City win the Premier League this season , that would not match the scale of what Corbyn managed to achieve .                                                 
We call for all men to stand up and hold those who commit acts of violence against women and children to account .                                                   
Black smoke could be seen from the area , and more than 75 firefighters knocked down the fire within 20 minutes .                                                     
Most Australians wouldn ' t have heard of the then Chief of Army but he delivered a message that could not ignored .                                                   
' The president has said he would like to go if the conditions are right ,' a U . S . official said .                                                 
The 21 - year - old man and his brother are long - term German residents , while the two 14 - year - olds live in Switzerland and the Netherlands .                                 
Two players start out with five hundred and one points , and each tries to be the first to reduce his score to zero .                                               
" I ' m keen for the people who were involved in this crime to take responsibility ," she said .                                                       
" We don ' t know whether these names are right , whether these people exist , and where they are if they do ," he told reporters .                                       
A series of measures needs to be put in place at a young offenders ' unit after allegations staff assaulted teenage boys , the government has been urged .                                       
I know there was only about 10 , 000 people in the ground but I have met three and a half million since who say they were there .                                       
The plan , which is expected to take effect in September 2017 , will be open to public comment but does not require congressional approval .                                             
She said she was in the car park when Campbell climbed into the drivers ' seat of a vehicle , prompting her to offer him £ 20 to get a taxi instead .                               
" Research has shown that 40 % of the women responding to our survey just didn ' t have the evidence to apply for legal aid ," Scott said .                                     
It feels like only yesterday that my children were growing into young adults , and now I find myself living in hell .                                                   
On the other , the city ' s unemployment rate is more than 10 %, compared with just 6 % for the rest of Germany .                                             
About 1 , 000 men were gathered on the square in front of the city ' s main station on Thursday night , although only a small number of them are believed to have been involved in the attacks .                 
" I can think of no greater honour than to have the opportunity to serve my country and the people of Northern Ireland as their first minister ," she said .                                   
We have 29 million people without any health insurance , and John , they wait a very long time to get healthcare .                                                   
Three current Premier League managers have been thrown onto the list of potential managers of Chelsea next season , according to different reports .                                                 
It was about human relationships , about giving people hope , treating people as responsible adults , making them take decisions about their own lives .                                             
She said she has spoken to Miss Morgan - Davies about the nice side of her mother - the side she never got to see .                                             
They then estimated how the reduction would affect body weight per person , and overall results for the adult population .                                                       
I need to play the right tennis , as I ' ve been playing over the past month , and really take it to him .                                             
And buyers spent £ 10 . 7 billion on houses in November - an enormous 18 per cent increase from a year before .                                                 
December 19 : Simpson - Kent was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .                                                   
Although the UN had received a copy on Monday ( as a member of the UN security council , the UK would automatically have had a copy ) the government had not " officially " received , he said .                 
So I think Jones will be disappointed with the kicking he got from his midfield and Mike Brown at full - back .                                                   
Police in Munich evacuated two train stations , urged people to avoid crowds and warned of a possible attack just before midnight .                                                   
As soon as the deal fell through a propaganda war not seen since the end of the cold war over what had gone wrong began .                                             
Your bank has asked you where you are resident as new financial reporting rules will come into force next year , and the bank is required to report the fact you have a bank account in France to your country of residence .           
He was aggressive when he beat Djokovic in the Canadian Open final but that was over the best of three sets .                                                     
Then , the same thing happened again and again so I suggested he could use what he ' d learned to help his friends , and he built a website .                                   
The project has fallen two years behind schedule and faced a wide range of legal , political and technical challenges .                                                       
But that ' s not to stay if big changes eventually occur in terms and conditions in England that the Welsh government won ' t have to consider the implications carefully .                                 
Christie ' s campaign pointed to a speech he gave in May 2015 , about a month and a half before announcing his run for the presidency .                                         
He said : " What I ' m trying to achieve here is to understand the nature of the refugee crisis that ' s facing the whole of Europe .                                       
The U . S . Energy Information Administration forecasts that the average price of U . S . benchmark crude this year will rise about 4 percent over 2015 .                                     
This is an exciting group of players and an exciting team which has shown incredible signs , but you can only achieve if you perform for 90 minutes and show the know how .                             
The government and its allies say it is up to the Syrian people to decide Assad ' s fate in a fair election .                                                 
Food for thought : If you work on a fixed annual wage , today is just one more day ' s work than you would usually have to do for your salary .                               
Rubio appeared to pick up support among late - deciding voters and is doing best among those who say they decided who to support in the last week .                                       
They gave up 18 points in the first on 30 . 4 % shooting , 18 in the third on 30 % shooting and 19 in the fourth on 38 . 9 % shooting .                           
The main idea was to just have a collective and community because when you ' re out on your own you can go a bit crazy .                                           
It ' s been such a tough time for my family and I . 2015 was the worst year of our lives - nobody could ever have predicted this .                                     
" There won ' t be any questions and you ' ll know from here on out ," he said .                                                       
He led most every national poll conducted in late 2014 and traded leads with Wisconsin Gov . Scott Walker , among others , early in 2015 .                                           
I have no doubt in my mind he will have received excellent care from the police but it ' s hardly ideal .                                                   
' It was a life I lived when I was young and it is for young people because it is very demanding ,' she explained .                                             
" Right now we are enjoying a golden age because there is so much public interest in football and we have to keep it going ," he told Reuters .                                     
I ' m certainly not keen to jump into a full - time coaching role next season by any stretch .                                                       
I just hope it doesn ' t affect the crowd and the crowd don ' t drop off now they know I ' ve signed .                                             
The man using the name had taken ' significant effort ' to avoid having his name recorded by the government departments , agencies or businesses , police said in a statement .                                 
It ' s something that ' s what gets put out there , how we attack work every day , the players .                                                   
Last Tuesday , the department denied the shelter ' s request for registration , citing numerous problems including lack of fresh water and proper shelter .                                             
State officials in New York had expected up to 18 inches of snow , but more than 30 inches fell in some places .                                                 
The disease , which can only be diagnosed after death , is linked to repeated brain trauma and associated with symptoms such as memory loss , depression and progressive dementia .                                   
I think as you approach these voters in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , the campaign needs to be more serious and needs to be about things people care about .                               
He is supporting Bush and cannot understand the knock against him because his brother and father have also had the job .                                                     
The team received a letter that stated the girls teams was too talented and other teams don ' t want to play to their higher standards .                                           
" I interview people all the time who can ' t wait to move from Michigan or Wisconsin or Iowa ," he said .                                                 
" We want to support him when he ' s speaking about the border and migration ," the migrant said .                                                       
I work out what is best for the individuals in front of me and explain it to them as best I can .                                                   
Women tend to monitor and think about relationships more than men do , and they tend to become aware of relationship problems more quickly .                                               
It ' s fair to say that neither Dave nor Jeremy are in total control of their parties right now .                                                       
emails is " the first thing I do when I wake up and the last thing I do before I go to sleep ," she says .                                           
Some of the airport is closed for maintenance work at night so we are also in communication with those working on the ground .                                                 
Of the students who reported harassment , 32 percent of girls said they didn ' t want to go to school as a result , compared to 25 percent of boys .                                 
Jason also admitted that while he ' s no fan of the PM , he thought very highly of his wife .                                                     
I am still at the beginning of my career but I believe this is the place to develop and learn from some of the best players in the world .                                     
I was 34 and it ' s probably fair to say that I hadn ' t gone without alcohol for more than 48 hours during the previous 15 years .                                     
But more than two and a half years on all but 10 % of those plans are behind schedule and only two were completed by December , the time of the last progress report .                           
You know , the ones you look through when you ' re certain you want to end a relationship , only to see all the good things you had forgotten about .                                 
White said that no arrest have been made , but a person of interest in connection with the incident is being questioned .                                                   
She didn ' t spell out her reaction to being put on leave , or what she would do next .                                                       
A court , board , commission or other government authority may request a doctor ' s professional opinion in a case it is considering .                                               
I learned a couple of years ago that Melbourne is famous for its coffee , which I would have never even known .                                                   
Most recently , a train engineer and a passenger were killed in May when a train hit a vehicle in western Germany , and another 20 people were injured .                                     
Even during the recession , luxury vehicle sales held steady , never dropping below 12 percent of the U . S . auto market .                                               
It said a lot that three of the key players in the military ' s long , hard look at itself over its treatment of women were nominated for Australian of the Year .                             
So we ' ve got to find us a way to get a home win because there were 12 , 000 people here that wanted to win , and I love those fans that are here .                       
A young teacher whose body was found in a four - star hotel on Christmas Eve only met her date 24 hours earlier and checked in with him hours before she died .                               
West Virginia has won eight of the nine meetings with the Red Raiders and its seventh straight win in the series since joining the Big 12 Conference .                                         
We tried to have a bit more structure but we all knew that we hadn ' t been good enough .                                                       
While Apple made no mention of China in its fiscal fourth - quarter earnings statement , the company may have more to say when it reports first - quarter results on Jan .                               
Its forecast for 2016 core earnings of $ 8 . 15 and $ 8 . 35 per share was well below the average analyst estimate of $ 9 . 43 , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .           
" You have to have someone who is a proven fighter , somebody who has taken them on and win ," she said .                                                 
Murray has reached the final at Melbourne Park four times in the past six years and his failure to go all the way has inspired a new early - season strategy .                                 
It ' s a course on which you can go low , but if you hit it off - line , you can make a big number .                                         
But it would be really great to have someone who knows energy and is pro - responsible development to be in charge .                                                   
The PM was " very keen " to hold discussions and sometimes they would meet four times a week , the committee was told .                                               
" They said that , when the new manager comes in , things might change , but it ' s a " no " at the minute ," he said .                                   
Cameron hopes to agree a package of measures with fellow national leaders at a European Union summit in three weeks .                                                       
I have always made it clear that my children are welcome to come and live with me at any time and I have made sure I was able to support them properly when that would happen .                       
A spokesman for the U . N . secretary - general acknowledged " an increase of military activity across the board in Syria " in the hours leading up to the cease - fire .                           
Just when I understood what the numbers were that I ' m looking at , it ' s what broke my heart .                                                   
I think in my early days I stood out - I probably still do - but certainly some people recognised me from the media coverage .                                             
26 , the company recorded $ 75 . 9 billion in revenue , up 2 % from $ 74 . 6 billion in the same quarter last year .                                       
The online retailer has been holding meetings to license music over the past several weeks , though the plan is said to be in its early stages .                                         
The woman , who set up the camera in the hope of catching the dogs in the act , returns to the room to find them playing on the floor .                                   
' I could still feel the strength of her hand trying to go for me , so I hit her straight away a third time ', he said .                                       
" I think we do have a path to victory ," he said , adding that California and New York later in the primary season are also potential wins .                                     
The move is part of a series of Scottish government reforms to ensure cases are heard in the right courts .                                                       
I think I ' ve only won once in the all the times I have played there , the crowd really gets behind them and are very vocal but it ' s a fun place to play as well .                 
It is to Liverpool ' s credit , then , that they managed to stay in this game for as long as they did .                                               
It was reported on Tuesday that there will be more plastic than fish by 2020 , read the full report here .                                                     
