And even scoring three goals in a World Cup final , bringing the U . S . its first title in 16 years , hadn ' t changed that .                                     
The car is reportedly frozen to the point where the doors on at least one side can ' t be opened .                                                     
She was last employed doing a voice - over for a video game , and taught sign language to make ends meet .                                                   
Still , the good news is that you can do a lot to improve your retirement security by keeping your investment costs low .                                                 
It feels better just telling the truth and letting them know everything and to get past it and start talking about football again .                                                 
All but one of the 15 states with the lowest levels of membership in public unions are right - to - work states .                                                 
It is understood the high - level discussions have focused on Seven buying The Sunday Times , rather than News buying the West Australian .                                               
A less - secure option , when the elderly parent has a home but few savings , is to explore a home equity line of credit or a reverse mortgage .                                   
The 62 - year - old ' s entry video saw him " joke " about sharing a house with a gay person , must to the shock of many .                                   
Because the guy who I knew was no more capable of it than you or I as far as I could tell .                                                   
" It didn ' t help him that he was in for a European game , back out of the team because of the ban , then back in and out again ," said Jackson .                         
" One of their frequently expressed concerns is that giving some students additional chances to learn is " not fair " to the students who passed the first time ," he says .                               
I ' m proud of the effort we all put in to prepare each game as if it were our last .                                                     
She said her ' worst fear ' was that , after being told she was a perfect match for her brother , something might go wrong on the day .                                     
It ' s fair to say there aren ' t many who David Bowie didn ' t influence in one way or another .                                                 
I ' ve played very well but I don ' t feel any frustration because of it - I just feel happy how I ' m playing .                                         
The president said it is tough to be deployed overseas , even as the administration has been able to reduce the number of troops serving in places such as Iraq and Afghanistan .                               
A small number of loans are built up to about $ 10 million and sold to one of two investment funds .                                                     
It follows research earlier this month that showed house prices have risen 300 per cent in the past 20 years .                                                       
They found her carrying out numerous activities which were ' at odds ' with her claims , including lifting heavy bags and walking her dog , the court was told .                                   
Sean said : " It is a bit like someone dying - you come to live with it but there is not a day that goes by that I don ' t think about the possibility that he may come back .               
Research has shown that many species , including dogs , view negative events with their left eye , controlled by the right side of the brain .                                           
The London mayor has previously argued that it would be better if Britain was able to block EU laws on its own , without having to rely on the support of other member states .                           
But the truth is , he shouldn ' t be controversial because what he ' s doing is right ... it ' s common sense .                                             
The 28 - year - old model was wearing an impressive ring on the third finger of her left hand as she posed with her 48 - year - old actor boyfriend on the red carpet .                       
Federal prosecutors announced on Christmas Eve that they would not pursue charges in the case , but the Justice Department has not responded to Rep . Jeff Miller ' s inquiry into why no charges will be filed .                   
This [ Costa award ] has forced people to sit up and take notice of how great this fiction is .                                                       
Celtic sit top of the league on goal difference from Aberdeen - who defeated the champions last week to bring the title race to life - having played a game fewer .                                 
In a reverse from planned cuts , France is preparing to add 23 , 000 positions to the army by 2019 .                                                     
So what are the shows we can put on [ for ] 42 - year - old mom who gives her husband and two kids dinner , and then puts the TV set on ?                           
Still , for many years Iran has supported domestic extremists , which has led to a situation in which Iran is unable to prevent attacks and take action against militants in the country .                             
We need them to play two big games with big minutes on the weekend , that ' s more important than running them through it at training .                                         
" I wanted to be a member of parliament from a younger age than you might think ," she says .                                                       
In the past , they always said attacks were not by Al Qaeda , and now they are saying the attacks were not by I . S .                                         
It ' s my hope girls who pick up the book will read it and know they are seen , heard and loved .                                                 
It ' s not nice when things are not going well but you ' ve just got to get on with it .                                                   
What I would say is that we are increasingly seeing the same weapons being used time and time again , year after year .                                                 
Nearly 50 years later , another academy president is facing a similar crisis , this time over the hot - button issue of race .                                               
There really isn ' t - if someone has a majority of delegates in order to win the nomination , they ' re going to be the nominee .                                       
This is how it goes in baseball , if not the bigger picture : You make the best decision you can with the information available at the time .                                       
And a recent study of 150 , 000 Americans discovered that higher stroke rates were found among individuals sleeping six hours or less , or nine hours or more .                                     
The video was captured by local resident Scott Stewart , 27 , who rushed down to the shore to spot the animal after seeing a photo of it on Facebook .                                   
By the age of three , some children have heard three million more words spoken to them than others , as some parents fail to talk to their children .                                     
That goal is more important than making full service available at the weekend height of the storm , he said .                                                       
As well as he has played it probably won ' t be the biggest kick of his career going forward .                                                       
And that leaves plenty of time for Corbyn and his allies to make the changes in the Labour party that are their priority .                                                 
He takes over as chairman of Sky - which is 39 per cent owned by Fox - from Nick Ferguson , who steps down from the Sky board at the end of July after 12 years as a director .                 
Former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg confirmed yesterday that he is considering entering the 2016 presidential race as a third - party candidate .                                                 
It wasn ' t that I decided to write about my actual life as such , nor even to tell the truth .                                                   
It would be bad for Britain but also bad for Europe because they are an important part of the European Union ," he stressed .                                               
On February 20th you will begin the process of choosing a president who has what it takes to stand up to the Republicans , to make a real difference for American families .                               
If you want a more competitive Europe , where the single market is completed , where there are more trade deals and fewer regulations : join me in making that case .                                 
I don ' t exactly understand this , and maybe there will be somebody in the audience who explains it to me .                                                   
The details of what happened to her in the District may seem old news to some , but those of us who care about the city ' s schools want to understand what went wrong .                         
I came from a council house and a working class background and I earned my money and I earned it with very hard work and I loved it .                                       
As further evidence of Spurs " capacity to secure a Champions League return this was proof it is in their hands .                                                     
She has said her lawyers reviewed the documents and gave the State Department more than 30 , 000 emails that were potentially work - related .                                             
The pair remained locked in a stand - off after the Labour leader warned his shadow foreign secretary that he would have to go unless he agreed to back his views on foreign policy in public .                       
However since then the economic recovery has started to lose momentum and events around the world point to a story time ahead in the UK .                                             
James has struggled with his jump shot most of the season , but he said before the game he thought he found something on film he could correct .                                       
An academy employee has filed a lawsuit claiming she was fired last month for reporting the sexual abuse of a female student to authorities .                                               
He wanted to show him that , just because he was royal , he wasn ' t better than any of the rest of us .                                             
Texas , the top U . S . oil producer in the United States , had the second - largest increase in unemployment , after California , with an increase of more than 17 , 000 .                       
You keep saying you don ' t want to take away everybody ' s guns , but there ' s a lot of people out there tonight watching who don ' t believe you .                           
A winter storm warning for San Diego County mountains above 4 , 500 feet will remain in effect through Thursday evening .                                                     
Of course no photo - taking trend would be complete without camera - friendly face paint and that took the form of a very heavy - handed approach to make - up application .                             
On any other weekend it would have been the goal of the day as he cut inside before firing a shot into the bottom corner from 25 yards .                                       
But writing a review of 2015 on his official website , Woods said nothing could be further from the truth .                                                       
In India , this term is also used for non - relations : older people we are on friendly terms with , such as the parents of our friends or elderly neighbours .                               
He said he had joined the site four years before meeting the 13 - year - old and used it almost every day , meeting women twice a month in the ' hope ' of having sex .                     
Jones ' s successor will not come from among England ' s coaches as they are unit coaches who will not have the necessary skills and experience to take the lead role .                               
Their research could yield valuable information to help figure out how rapidly sea levels will rise in the 21st century .                                                       
" We ' ve played some really consistent cricket throughout the series and that ' s shown by us finishing on top ," she said .                                             
She looks like me , and she was also born the same way I was ," Marine told People . com .                                                     
What I want to ensure is that my soldiers are properly held to account , but on the other hand they feel that they are being held to account in a fair and appropriate way .                         
You see the massive scores and you see a lot of teams back - end their run chase at the moment or set up their score .                                           
He said the 24 / 7 information service would give people in need the ability to learn in a few seconds what would have previously taken years to learn on the streets .                               
If it was our suburb and we had a say , why didn ' t they ask us if we wanted this ?                                                   
This will be the biggest event held at the venue since the London Games and is also the last chance to see Europe ' s top athletes before Rio .                                     
But there ' s got to be a number - 40 , 45 , 50 - where you have got to change your strategy .                                               
It is also the sixth year in a row that Hong Kong has been named the least affordable city for housing .                                                     
A top - four finish should be Leicester ' s minimum target if they can keep producing performances like this .                                                       
The Chancellor has made it clear he wants a chief who will bring a different approach to regulation , but has not given details on exactly what that approach will be .                                 
New guidelines on the maximum amount of alcohol people should drink in a week have been welcomed by Scottish health campaigners .                                                     
Among other matters , the book dealt with the sometimes competing demands of law , privacy , national security , doctor - patient relationships and the public ' s right to know .                               
In Melbourne , the temperature will begun its steady climb , starting with 21 degrees on Thursday , 25 on Friday , 30 on Saturday and 31 on Sunday .                                     
If I get the parents on board then we often get the children too and in order to get the best chances for the children we have to raise the bar with the parents .                           
The relatively minor charge reflects the fact there is " no grounds to say that the doctor wanted to murder the patient ," investigators said .                                             
Some support could still shift , as 25 percent of these GOP likely voters say they could change their mind .                                                       
We help young kids get signed in and out of schools , so it ' s a lot more than that .                                                     
" I don ' t think I ' ve ever felt more alone than I did on the carpet that day ," he admitted .                                               
Beijing concluded long ago that the only thing worse than putting up with North Korea ' s bad behavior is the danger of a collapse of the Kim regime .                                     
It ' s likely to be set at around 5 per cent , which will ensure the most toxic of penalties can be avoided .                                               
The move cost Americans almost 3 , 000 jobs -- jobs that cost the struggling California economy millions of dollars in wages , taxes and potential consumer spending .                                       
Five months later , Ferguson won the FA Cup final and Manchester United were on their way to becoming the most successful English club of the Premier League era .                                     
I don ' t think you can be as effective as you can be as a player if things aren ' t right off the field and he ' s a good example of that .                         
So , all I have to do is press this button and the bad lady ' s voice will go away ?                                                     
Williams has ruled the All England Club on five occasions , but on Tuesday she was in far from championship - winning form .                                                 
Google ' s latest figures show it paid 2 . 2 million euros of tax in Italy in 2014 on revenues of 54 . 4 million euros generated in the country .                                 
George Osborne announced the move in June 2014 as part of an effort to make the UK a global hub for Islamic finance .                                                 
I don ' t know all of the girls from the other teams - and I put my hand up for that - but she ' s always helping .                                     
As you grow older , you ' ll come to see your parents less as authority figures and more as people just doing the best they can .                                         
I haven ' t left Glasgow in nearly four years , living on benefits and raising a child at the same time can do that to you .                                         
Men who pose a high - risk of domestic violence are to be given support to change their behaviour under a new scheme .                                                 
But , it is important to have them checked by a doctor so that the cause can be found and treated , if needed .                                               
While the worst of the dangerous , deadly winter flood was over in the St . Louis area , the water was slowly make its way south .                                         
I ' m constantly worried about what other people are thinking of me and it ' s really getting me down .                                                     
It would be impossible for him not to feel hurt because he ' s a human being like the rest of us .                                                   
Then in 2014 , Canadian scientists confirmed it was young and light enough to be classified as a free planet .                                                       
Our overall aim is to raise standards everywhere , but to raise them most quickly , in the areas that most need it .                                                 
One woman began a question to him by saying that she ' d seen him in one of the recent debates .                                                     
According to ABC News , such a price drop would typically indicate a new model on the way , but analysts are saying it is unlikely .                                           
While Australian Rugby League Commission chairman John Grant insists the new chief executive must have a love and knowledge for rugby league , the NRL has expanded its search across the country in a bid to find the right person to lead the game .       
There ' s no doubt this season is in great part a tribute to him and what he ' s meant for this organization .                                               
Police didn ' t ask him to do that , it ' s a decision he made on his own .                                                       
So we are determined to make sure that we are looking closely at our agencies ' response to these types of circumstances , and if there are barriers or problems , we need to know about them .                     
To do that when you ' re traveling all over the country , that ' s a pretty good indication that things are better .                                               
At the same time , Friday ' s solid jobs report could make it more likely that the Federal Reserve will further raise rates after announcing its first increase in nearly a decade last month .                         
The team looking after the mission has sent a last message to the craft in an attempt to wake it up .                                                     
That ' s why I love those big wide shots , where you feel as if you ' re just watching them , rather than being told all the time where to go with it .                         
In terms of England coming up here , Dylan ' s an experienced guy , he ' s been around a while and he ' ll deal with that .                                     
You need to be absolutely totally clear about which customers you are going to deal with , and which customers can essentially pay you for the services you provide .                                     
This was the first debate where the Republican candidates had a chance to speak without Donald Trump standing among them on the stage .                                                 
I keep telling people it ' s not me and he doesn ' t work here , but they don ' t believe me .                                               
The reality star was diagnosed with diabetes after being rushed to the hospital in December , but is reportedly dedicated to improving his health .                                               
In 2012 , the organisation became the first in Northern Ireland to receive a Big Society Award from the Prime Minister David Cameron .                                                 
In 2013 an internal video of him telling troops to shape up or " get out " went viral , prompting a cultural shift within Australia ' s armed forces .                                   
' But pretty soon we ' re going to live in a world where everyone has the power to share and experience whole scenes as if you ' re right there in person .                             
We know for certain that the actor filmed scenes for the new series , which arrives in April , but he played down their importance .                                             
It isn ' t enough to describe how hard it is to get a house ; you need to be able to describe a future in which people can afford housing .                                 
All comfort , all wealth , everything that we have as a people , to live , to eat , comes from the earth .                                               
We ' ve got less people buying clothes this quarter than we expected and there ' s really nothing else to point to .                                                 
It could very well be the case that we find a way out of the Brexit issue and Britain remains in the European Union , while at the same time finding ourselves without a European Union .                       
The cool change will see a top of 21 on Friday , 23 on Saturday and 28 on Sunday , with temperatures likely to stay in the high 20s for most of the following week .                         
It did not report any misconduct to child welfare authorities until 1989 , in the course of Scott ' s lawsuit .                                                     
More important , all of them offer something we hadn ' t seen before , or at least in a very long time .                                                 
Perhaps the patterns of the past do not apply to Leicester City but , one way or another , they are going to make history this season .                                         
' She has suffered , she goes to special school and gets a lot of help to deal with what ' s happened .                                                 
' There ' s a lot of incredible wildlife , the island has been featured on TV for its nature .                                                       
The Government was holding emergency talks Sunday as flooding in northern England forced hundreds of people to leave their homes , including in the historic tourist destination of York .                                     
However , the focus on helping farmers likely also was done with an eye toward legislative assembly elections due in five states in the next few months .                                         
After operating at or near a loss for years , it has finally also demonstrated the ability to turn a consistent profit recently .                                                 
The College confirmed that it had granted her a year ' s research leave though it is not clear whether she is still receiving a salary .                                           
" Britain outside the EU would be less able to respond with the speed and strength we need to tackle complex threats ," he added .                                             
It happened more than once per week and continued until November 2011 , so over a period of two years when she was 16 and 17 .                                           
I would be dealing with sexual abuse cases in my room and sometimes there wouldn ' t be a lawyer .                                                       
" This is my time , this is my opportunity and I ' m all in ," he told The Brisbane Times .                                                   
The identity of the third British - Iranian citizen currently behind bars in Iran has not been released by their family or the Government .                                               
In an indication French authorities do not expect the migrant crisis to go away , permanent buildings for aid agencies will be built alongside the new camp .                                         
It hit number one on four occasions and also achieved a record - breaking 67 weeks in the Top 10 .                                                       
In the worst case scenario , the bank could now face restrictions on its ability to process US dollar payments through America or could even lose its banking licence in the US .                               
Over the coming 12 months you will find yourself having to go back and change things you said and did over the past 12 months .                                             
I think we have spent too long thinking about younger audiences and not enough thinking about older audiences , to be honest with you .                                               
You laugh at me for buying clothes from charity shops and food past its sell - by date , and because I love my bus pass .                                           
" We ' re going to win so much , you ' re going to be so happy , we ' re going to make America great again ," he told his victory party .                           
" I would be lying if I said it didn ' t give me a bit of an advantage ," he admits .                                                   
Sometimes you don ' t , so we are all involved in the process and we hope that will get the job done .                                                 
I think my father is most proud because I can take care of myself , that I think for myself and I don ' t let anything stop me .                                     
It was about that time in your life when your friends are your family - once you have a family there ' s no need any more .                                         
As ever , the safety and care of patients is our top priority and the NHS has robust plans in place to ensure those who need emergency treatment will continue to receive it .                             
I said , well , just go behind him when he ' s not paying attention , hit him with a board .                                                   
Though the rocket used in December is capable of flight , it won ' t be used -- and likely never will be .                                                 
They have won just four games on the road all season , while their last five away trips have seen them pick up just six points from a possible 18 , a far from ideal record for a side challenging for the title .         
Officials said those taken into custody were a 32 - year - old woman , an 18 - year - old man and a minor .                                             
Of the more than two million who lived in Aleppo before the conflict , there are probably fewer than 800 , 000 today .                                                 
To properly track your currency capital gains , you ' ll need to factor in any interest paid on your money .                                                     
He claimed that it was company directors " jobs to pay as little tax as possible within the law and that they should not be expected to do otherwise .                                     
I came over that afternoon and had a look at all these places along here , didn ' t even go home .                                                   
But when you put yourself out there you have to take the good with the bad , that is part of it .                                                   
" If the UK were to leave the EU it is very unclear which elements of existing European policy would continue to apply to the UK ," the authors write .                                   
Mr Williams said : " There ' s a real equality issue between those at the top who can get it if they want to but those at the bottom can ' t .                               
" In a few hours , 2015 will be gone and 2016 will come ," he told the second group .                                                       
As with any popular service , the world of prepare - at - home meals has now become a highly competitive market , and more companies are launching all the time .                                 
Iran and Saudi Arabia each backed opposite sides in Syria ' s civil war , as well as in the civil war in Yemen .                                               
That is now just 0 . 1 percentage point below the peak employment rate of 68 . 9 % in April - June 2007 .                                               
He ' d had an interest for a while and wants to be a make up artist when he ' s older .                                                   
' I ' ll never forget when , a few months before my mother died , she told me she loved me - words I don ' t think I had ever heard from her before .                       
In NATO ' s annual report released Thursday , the U . S . estimate stood at 72 percent of total spending .                                                   
Federal agencies will have to complete the review by the end of May and determine if a more in - depth analysis is necessary .                                               
And once you find this opportunity , you know it ' s truly your opportunity to step back into that role .                                                     
King told the newspaper , " Cruz isn ' t a good guy , and he ' d be impossible as President .                                                     
Paul should be locked away for the rest of his life , or better yet put to death to protect children everywhere .                                                   
Brazil - which is set to host the Olympics this summer - is the worst - hit nation with around a million feared to be infected .                                           
He said : " I ' ve read the social work report very carefully and I ' ve looked at the circumstances of the case .                                               
He still meets with and talks regularly to Cruz and has told sources he likes what both Cruz and Rubio are saying .                                                   
And particularly not us , because he likes control and thought there might be a risk we would use the back door to go straight to the prime minister .                                     
We are not stopping our work and funding in this area - we are instead focusing on improving training and practices to ensure people who may pose a risk to children and vulnerable groups , do not work or volunteer in the sector .         
It ' s a reminder to the audience of where the couple come from - and of how extraordinary Obama ' s achievement was in becoming president in 2008 .                                     
" I knew where she was , Islamic State , but at that time I didn ' t know about Islamic State ," she added .                                             
I ' ve pulled out of a lot of games through injury and I was out for two years from international football with my knee .                                             
2 player in the world competing for the first time in three months , had a 73 and already was 12 shots behind .                                                 
Top - flight clubs have known since last year that they will be receiving a huge increase in their TV revenues .                                                     
I was afraid if he fell into the water he wouldn ' t have the strength in his legs to pull himself out .                                                 
I often had to use this technique in North Korea , because I didn ' t have time to set up .                                                     
We have all left home in a rush to get to work or elsewhere but that extra moment taken to ensure windows and doors are locked may help prevent a break - in .                             
He ' s a good trainer , he knows what he ' s doing , but he just likes to stuff around with the horses .                                             
I haven ' t looked into it too much to be honest , I ' ve just focused on my own game , and I ' ll tackle like I would normally tackle .                             
On the Democratic side , Bernie Sanders is in the driver ' s seat and seems likely to beat Hillary Clinton .                                                     
The other women sit at home on the internet , they collect information but they don ' t understand that no one will come to them at home and say here ' s your son , here ' s your husband .             
" There ' s been a lot of social media discussion about what you all are doing out here ," the reporter said .                                                 
She married a white man - an American - and returned to Saudi Arabia around a few years ago , which is when the trouble began .                                           
But if recent history is any indication , the Cuban immigrants will be welcomed once they set foot on American soil .                                                     
I thought of a better future there - that I would find a better job , that I could continue my studies , earn more money .                                           
But two days before the event , he was shot dead as he walked home from dinner with his Ukrainian model girlfriend .                                                   
The water jets cost about $ 1 , 000 each and are being installed in all schools in New York City as a result of the study , according to researchers .                                 
" It feels like they ' re putting a lot of things under the Watson brand name - but it isn ' t Watson ," says Mr Hammond .                                       
You go back a few years and to play in the Premier League you had to be the best players in the country .                                                 
The country ' s powerful teachers " unions , who said they were promised 32 %, are also threatening action , days from the start of the beginning of the academic year .                               
They were getting produced by another company out of Chicago , but [ when that fell through ] I came in and convinced them to let me produce it .                                     
I have a contract so I ' m happy and I think I ' m at one of the top clubs in the United Kingdom .                                             
However , buyers looking for a mortgage in Italy may find it harder to come by this year than in previous years .                                                   
But employees at one company didn ' t need to worry about calling in sick today to have an extra long weekend .                                                   
We came off after creating chances [ and losing 1 - 0 ] against Man City at home and we ' re kicking ourselves again today .                                           
So rather than spending a week with the family , limit it to four days and do something else the other three .                                                   
We ' ve scored 15 in our last three games , so we ' re in a good place going into this game .                                                 
If you find yourself in the same boat , focus on your feelings first , not your diet and exercise plan .                                                     
He said the teen had " committed no crime at all in Mexico " though the lawyer didn ' t know whether his client had entered the country on a tourist visa .                               
For all his considerable talent , coaches have struggled to figure out how to best use him on the power play .                                                     
Now , however , the designer has thousands of fans , many of whom leave a string of positive comments on a daily basis .                                               
Scotland could be given its own television channel as part of a shake - up of BBC services , the chair of the BBC Trust has said .                                         
After she ' d completed her brief , four of five boxes were returned to the police station but one wasn ' t .                                                 
You have been able to train at a higher level and the drug might be out of your system , but the training effect is still there ," he said .                                   
But hundreds of homes are damaged , with residents yet unable to return , and getting through St . Louis by car , boat or train is difficult .                                       
It stops when there is the opposition of security forces ,' he said , referring to the attack on a Paris concert hall on November 13 .                                           
Don ' t blame me or my team as there was no middle men , for whatever reason they never wanted to fight me .                                               
He ' s our leader down there and leads by example so you don ' t really want to take him out of his best position .                                           
This ambitious plan will replace older schools across the country with new , modern buildings that will bring benefits to the whole community .                                                 
German factory orders posted a second consecutive month of solid growth in November , led by demand from inside the country .                                                     
The data will also say what type of health condition the person has and the location of where the note was issued .                                                   
To be sure , the comparison between now and that September seven - and - a - half years ago , when the global financial crisis came to a head , is not exact .                           
I ' m a nice person and likely would have given you a ride , but obviously we ' re past that .                                                   
He told the inquest : ' There was only about three quarters of a second between her making contact with the group and her starting to fall into the road .                                     
The purpose of the multi - level competition is to support the development of a stronger and more successful business community in Europe .                                                 
The contract fell $ 1 . 85 , or 5 . 7 percent , to $ 30 . 34 a barrel in New York on Monday .                                           
But with abortion illegal across most of the region , there are few options for those who are already pregnant .                                                       
But he also said " business as usual " with Europe and the US was impossible until Russia ' s interests were taken into account .                                             
At the age of 12 he joined the Young Communist League where he met many of the future leaders of the Communist party , and at 17 he left school to work full - time campaigning for Indian political rights .               
But the one good thing we can take from this is it ' s happened quite early in the wet season .                                                     
You tried it a few weeks and moved on , yet the app is still getting access to your data .                                                       
I ' ve won so much throughout my career , I feel like if I keep pushing forward it might happen .                                                     
But while we ' ll be fine , we need an environment in the wake of this revolution that gives a chance to be part of the mix .                                       
" This one - day side is tough to pick , and that ' s the way you want it ," Taylor said .                                                 
The number of jobs in manufacturing has actually gone up since 2011 by about 90 , 000 , to 2 . 65 million , but it is still below the pre - recession level .                           
We can ' t live that way all the time , or we will run out of money to pay the bills and buy what we need .                                         
In a 40 - page statement explaining their decision , it said the ban prevented the pair from taking part in all kinds of football - related activities , whether on national or international levels .                         
The London - based company said exports jumped and now make up a fifth of the group ' s total sales .                                                     
And perhaps also work harder at being kind to others and creating new support networks to replace the traditional ones , now lost .                                                 
It was a blow at the ballot box , too : One - quarter of South Carolina voters identified her endorsement as important , and half of those backed Rubio .                                   
Victoria said : ' It ' s a long time , nearly three years , and he must have grown up .                                                       
And in Apple ' s case , that ' s meant what would have been $ 100 of foreign sales in September 2014 was just $ 85 by the end of 2015 .                               
The Super Bowl will air Friday night , and your money is safe if you take Green Bay and lay the 14 points .                                                 
And Sen . Cruz reached out to me a number of times and I spent a lot of time with him ," Perry said .                                               
I think [ it ] can be dangerous in not learning how to pay attention in a focused way , but in balance there is nothing wrong with technology .                                     
If the people you grew up with weren ' t focused on helping you stay true to yourself , then admit it to yourself .                                               
Of those who had experienced violence , 77 % said they had been pushed , and around half were kicked or had an object thrown at them .                                         
The paper ' s football writer , Eric Thompson , had been killed , along with most of the Manchester United players , in the Munich air disaster of the previous day .                               
I was sure I had all the details clear in my head , but just to confirm everything before talking to the police I re - read my notes - the first time since the murder day .                     
You have to do what you can to achieve justice for the victims , as a statement about our response to these crimes .                                                 
A large explosion in the Turkish capital Ankara has killed 28 people and injured more than 60 according to a government spokesman .                                                   
She speaks her mind - For someone in her early 20s , Lawrence seems to know who she is and what she wants out of her career .                                         
The 90 - minute film , from 23 : 15 to 00 : 45 , was watched by 600 , 000 viewers and had a 9 . 5 % audience share .                                 
I will always believe that people of good will on both sides want us to be one country , one great community where the whole is greater than the parts .                                   
I have an accounting background and I have been and will continue to help clubs in terms of financial advice , as well as general advice .                                           
India ' s best of the best are in the country for the one - day series against Australia , and not just on the playing field .                                         
' Every time he came I didn ' t know what was going to happen , whether he would rape me or torture me or murder me ,' she told police .                                 
In other words , Trump has been , in the short - term , he ' s firing up his base ; Hillary Clinton ' s firing up her base .                                   
" They have physical presence and technical ability and deserve to be where they are in the league ," he said .                                                     
The emails were among 3 , 000 pages made public on Friday by the State Department , which was running late on a court - ordered schedule requiring that 82 percent of her 55 , 000 emails be released by the end of December .       
If the experienced guys can put up their hands in big moments , it ' s a massive bonus for the team .                                                   
I remember talking to Andy about the Davis Cup , and he told me that I was crazy to play all three days .                                                 
After starting in the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam , the plane ' s last confirmed location , search efforts expanded west into the Indian Ocean .                                           
I was able to sit behind stage at the Theatre Royal , and hear Harry tell me the story he had been unable to tell for nearly 60 years .                                     
I invested £ 10 , 000 in it myself at the start and got another £ 55 , 000 from family and friends .                                                 
After scoring 13 in his first three months at the club he claimed less than that in the whole of 2015 .                                                     
Apple Music launched on 30 June 2015 and had signed up 11 million users by August - however , that was during the three - month free trial period .                                     
" I just sent a message saying , " I am looking for someone and I really want to play with you .                                                     
That means that for every dollar of new investment enjoyed by the average American worker , the average Canadian worker got about 69 cents .                                               
If you do receive a request to change the firm ' s bank account details part way through the process , double check the information .                                             
We are going to have a life without children , and we are choosing to appreciate it for what it is , even though there are times when it is hard .                                 
We ' re lucky in a way to have found it before that happens , but we ' re all worried .                                                     
In addition , the players would have to be experienced at the highest level and line up in an attacking 4 - 5 - 1 .                                             
He said : " Our crews are here to respond to the needs of our local communities and provide the highest level of emergency response .                                               
I think if this had happened to me at 20 - years - old I would ' ve had a different look and would have believed that I ' m changing the world .                             
She ' s shown us plenty at home , but she had to measure up to this lot and she has definitely done that and will only get better ," he said .                               
When reached by phone , the son accused of leaving her to die confirmed most of the details of her life as described in the notice .                                           
It is therefore vital that we recognise the challenge that this represents to us as a Church , particularly given that as the established Church we are called to minister and serve the whole nation .                         
Obama aides don ' t deny that Clinton campaign officials have quick access to their White House counterparts , given how many are former colleagues .                                             
And next Saturday night , the NFL holds its annual awards show just ahead of Sunday ' s Super Bowl .                                                       
Indeed , many of their fans would say that , all things considered , the Eagles are the greatest American rock band of all time .                                             
The vast majority of refugees have settled in big cities , and that is where the issue has been most explosive .                                                     
" We know there ' s another 30 , 40 , 50 % in our attacking game from last week ," Roberts , 29 , told BBC Wales Sport .                                     
But the claim that young black men are more likely to be in jail than university has a long history of its own - particularly in the US .                                       
In our business you ' re always too old for something - it ' s one business where at 19 , or 26 you can be too old ," he says .                                 
When I didn ' t get picked in the one - day team I wasn ' t too worried , there was a lot of cricket coming up .                                       
" To be able to see her after all these years , I am looking forward to that ," said Thomas .                                                     
He continued : " I don ' t think I could ever go back to being completely normal , I guess that ' s something I accepted - this is as normal as it can get for me .                     
From there , it ' s probably about become the GOP establishment candidate and hoping to knock off Trump and Ted Cruz .                                                   
He also learned how good it feels to put on his old clothes and have them hang on him , he said .                                                   
The proportion of those who work part time , but would rather work full time , is highest in Italy , Spain and Ireland , at around one - in - 10 workers .                             
When I post on it - and I don ' t post very often - I ' m far too eager to see how many likes I get .                                       
In the U . S . alone , the cost of over - diagnosis may also run as high as $ 1 . 2 billion a year , the researchers also note .                               
And for no reason at all - just because someone has written a post , you have put someone in fear for their jobs and their lives .                                         
No matter how old I am and what I ' m doing , I want to feel 25 , like I do right now .                                               
The woman ' s death brings the road toll for this year to 14 , two fewer than at the same time in 2015 .                                               
The poll found 31 percent of likely Republican primary voters support Trump while 26 percent back their own governor , Kasich .                                                     
We chose not to speak on the phone because we wanted to hear each other ' s voice for the first time when we were looking at one another .                                     
A teacher at a maximum - security jail in Southern California has been arrested on suspicion of helping three inmates - including an alleged killer - escape last week .                                     
" I ' m looking for her but the police say everyone has been taken to hospital ," he said .                                                       
Every unexpected death should be investigated so that lessons can be learned to prevent future loss of life , he urged .                                                     
They worked a lot every day , more and more , and there is no secret , it is the work and the work , and the work . and belief , that it is possible .                       
Let ' s start with the US S & P 500 , because that is still the key global index .                                                       
Before you buy , ask yourself : can you travel around , is there local healthcare and education , like a university ?                                                   
That ' s no longer a concern , and working on herself has taught her how to avoid carrying stress and problems from the real world onto the track .                                     
31 -- the most recent monthly release of Clinton ' s emails -- more than 1 , 200 emails have been classified .                                                   
When you feel it it ' s a very strong reaction for most people , they basically laugh at those who say it doesn ' t exist .                                         
I don ' t believe that the majority view will support [ change ], but if that ' s not the case then , of course , I would support that .                                 
The Commission has indicated no final decision should be expected before the summer , but an exchange of views with EU governments could come as early as Feb .                                       
The spokesman added : ' We have not released details of the shop where the ticket was bought and no retailer would have been informed that they have sold the winning ticket .                                 
Donald Trump is just trying to build up the audience for Thursday ' s debate , for which we thank him ," said a Fox News spokesman .                                         
We have no intention of using force or being aggressive or going on the offense , but just as all people have the right to defend themselves , that ' s exactly what that meant -- means .                     
" I don ' t repeat myself ," he said , as he struggled through another tough exchange with Rubio .                                                       
But an appeals court judge ruled the terms fell short of minimum sentences that require them to serve about four more years .                                                   
It was the shock I needed to make me re - examine my existence and it led to me meeting the man I have no doubt really will see me all the way to my grave .                       
I think sleep is the key to looking young , and I make sure to get a good eight hours every night .                                                   
More than 18 months later , it ' s entirely unclear where the facts have taken the Department of Justice .                                                       
At least 24 of 32 votes will be needed for approval to move a team or teams to Los Angeles for the first time in 20 years .                                         
We live in an odd society where we all want to be rich but are encouraged to hate people who are .                                                     
The club is currently investigating the cause of Wednesday night ' s delays as a priority , to ensure any difficulties experienced are not repeated at future home matches .                                     
Young black men - just 2 % of the population - are nine times more likely than the average American to be killed in police shootings .                                           
I won ' t go to the Chelsea game , I ' ll just let him focus and get on with it .                                                   
Even Manchester City are only six points off the pace , just as they were before being beaten by Tottenham .                                                       
Police previously called at the apartment on New Year ' s Eve to check if the father was all right after the US embassy contacted them , saying the man ' s colleagues were concerned after not hearing from him in some time .         
The van was less effective than the truck and ended up being swept away by the high waters and carried to a stop sign , where it came to rest .                                   
And I think we did that at the start of the second half , even at the end when we were 26 - 17 down .                                             
Last week , Facebook launched Sports Stadium , a product focused on making Facebook , not Twitter , the second - screen of choice while watching major games .                                       
" You can also count on me to stand my ground especially when it comes to those powerful interests that are holding back American families ," Clinton said .                                       
We noted on Tuesday that Trump ' s base in Iowa is less likely to turn out , which is a problem for him .                                               
As long as they ' re happy with what we ' re doing and the results , the company can have a strong future .                                               
Murphy is nervous but says she can ' t wait to see her baby , and doesn ' t have a name yet .                                                 
She had asked to come back home and we said yes , so we really tried to plan on getting her to move back home .                                             
Like North Korean leaders over the decades , Kim pledged to develop Pyongyang ' s struggling economy and raise living standards .                                                     
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has pictures taken with refugees at a reception centre for asylum seekers in Berlin , Germany .                                                       
They might try to , and might even succeed if their identity is never discovered ; but most will be known to the police or the intelligence services and their names placed on a watch - list .                     
He has deep personal experience with the issues as a former district judge , member of the Texas Supreme Court and Texas attorney general .                                               
At least a dozen countries have had attacks since the Islamic State , or ISIS , began to pursue a global strategy in the summer of 2014 .                                         
But how much difference could any kind of new deal with Europe make to the outcome of the referendum on our membership ?                                                   
But when it comes to analysis , individual stuff , when we do separate things , then I can do a coaching role .                                                 
Sen . Bernie Sanders , I - Vermont , won the support of two out of three of the towns that voted at midnight .                                               
He said : ' As I pulled down the wall , the wall actually fell and broke through the floor ,' NBC Miami reported .                                                 
He says the family has not yet been asked to pick up the body but that a funeral would be held as soon as possible .                                             
During what year did President Obama announce executive actions on immigration , which were challenged in lower courts and were just taken up by the U . S . Supreme Court ?                                 
We will struggle to be able to meet the needs of all these people if we continue to just provide support through the centres in the way we are at the moment .                               
Britain ' s economic stability will be put at risk if it votes to leave the EU , the Governor of the Bank of England claimed yesterday .                                         
Mr Cameron told Britain today : ' You will decide and whatever your decision I will do my best to deliver it .                                                     
We are confident the resources we have in the field today will make a huge impact on getting power back for our customers .                                                 
Now , one win removed from his first Super Bowl appearance , he ' s playing in the comfort of home .                                                     
" I don ' t know what to say but I feel proud that my son has achieved this ," he told DNA India .                                               
The Premier League ' s big guns now have more time on their hands than they are used to in March , April and May .                                             
Donald Trump , meanwhile , may still be ahead in the polls , but he did not have a very good debate .                                                   
When you get older you look at things from a different perspective and I have been looking closer at the coaching and management side of things .                                           
A new poll showed Mr Trump was gaining support in Iowa , the first state to vote on Feb 1 .                                                       
The agency said there is no evidence that women can spread the virus to their sex partners , but more research is needed .                                                 
If he didn ' t want me as a mother when his father was alive he certainly won ' t now that he has passed on .                                           
Now I am an Australian citizen , half of my family is here , my family and my younger brother ' s family , so we all live together .                                     
' A lady came out to look around my home but she said that we probably wouldn ' t be able to get anything bigger .                                             
The black unemployment rate fell to 8 . 3 percent in December , the best showing since an 8 . 0 percent reading in September 2007 .                                           
It ' s nice to know that I am wanted . I have lost a lot of confidence in myself over the last few months in my relationship and it ' s an easy go - to , to get a little boost .         
But even if I don ' t win , I really can take away that I ' ve been really consistent , and I want to continue that .                                       
The idea is to treat everyone who is at risk as the cost of treating them is much lower than diagnosis and as symptoms can take years to emerge , most people don ' t know they ' re infected .               
If we are to see a genuine end to our housing crisis we have to be given the powers to get on with it .                                               
Despite having not played an AFL game in more than a year , his fitness did not appear to be an issue .                                                   
My guess is this won ' t be such a bad year for us , and next year will be quite good .                                                   
The share of 20 - to 24 - year - olds in the US who say they ' re retired doubled from 2004 to 2014 .                                             
A Virginia couple was surprised after receiving a letter their son sent almost 11 years ago while serving in Iraq .                                                       
One third of the children there don ' t go to school , and those that do have over 100 students in their class .                                               
He was a father to three children , and he didn ' t come back from his run that day .                                                       
We have been together for the 15 years ever since , married for half that time and have two beautiful children .                                                     
She wasn ' t seen on any CCTV footage around there which is why we need people ' s go pro footage from around the surrounding streets of the high school .                                 
" I believe that if and when they feel the need to work they ' ll be able to catch up very quickly ," he said .                                           
" This album is not so much a tribute to my father as it is to Latin music ," she said in a statement at the time .                                         
" I ' m just concerned about the kids who are still going through the process Nick went through ," he said .                                                   
" In this moment with no centre - backs fit I would say in this situation maybe we should think about that ," the German said .                                           
The budget includes 2 to 4 percent pay raises for state government employees , depending upon their years of service .                                                       
" I put my name in the auction , and I ' m desperate to play in that competition ," he told BBC Radio 5 live .                                           
The leadership of the Labour party , under Jeremy Corbyn , has been increasingly critical of Britain ' s links with Saudi Arabia .                                                 
It ' s an extraordinary explosion of a field of science that didn ' t even exist just a few years ago .                                                   
She visits friends in their apartments and meets them for happy hour before dinner , even though she doesn ' t drink .                                                   
It ' s going to get to the point where people are going to go : I ' m not paying $ 10 a month for 10 stand - alone apps .                                 
" We are looking at fish but , of course , there is that concern that , if this stuff is in the water , it can be affecting other wildlife ," he tells Vice .                         
I ' ve never really wanted to drink it though , and according to friends it ' s probably safer for everyone that I never try .                                           
8 election , has called for the United States to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the country as a national security measure .                                                   
He said it could have been his children who died , but he said he couldn ' t promise there would be no more attacks .                                             
As cloud services rapidly expand , Microsoft will have to demonstrate that its products are equal to , or better than , those of its competitors in both quality and price .                                 
They pointed out his subsequent comments , in which he said the important thing was not the type of system but whether it ruled with justice .                                           
The response came even though Clinton ' s chief of staff , who knew about the secretary ' s private account , was aware of the inquiry , the report says .                                 
But the marriage is in a space where divorce is not an option , we ' re all in this together and we have to figure it out and we got to make it right .                         
When I see him play now , and he hasn ' t been much in training recently , he can be the difference if he is game fit .                                       
" So when they ' re gone , no one has any information on them to show that they ' re gone , except birds are showing us they ' re gone ," he said .                         
When you ' re out there you sort of block out that you know it ' s near the end and just try to compete , and try to get the most out of yourself every time .                     
Today , in my conversation with the Chinese , I made it very clear that has not worked and we cannot continue business as usual .                                             
But for the first time in my life I cannot really answer with any confidence the questions " What do you think will happen to the Labour leader and the party ?                                 
The boy , or his location , cannot be identified because he is facing charges in the Children ' s Court .                                                     
People , there are people who think it ' s a little odd for a third Bush to be president of the United States .                                               
Facebook has achieved some pretty spectacular results in other areas of artificial intelligence , but I think Google has beaten them to this particularly important challenge .                                           
" Life was a constant struggle to recover from the trauma of being locked up alone for 23 hours a day ," Mr . Obama wrote .                                           
Will those rising prices mean that regular dining out will be a thing of the past for the middle class ?                                                       
But on Sunday the Democratic Party ' s front runner , Hillary Clinton , said " we have got to act " on gun control .                                             
A US defence official said it was still on the ground and the military was working to recover it , but gave no further details .                                             
" We should give time to the police to conduct their investigation ," said acting security secretary , John Lee .                                                       
Police made four arrests in or around the stadium - one before , two during and one after the game - for alleged minor public order offences .                                         
There will not necessarily be a repeat now , but Cameron has been forced to do what he pledged never to do .                                                   
On Thursday , the department released 5 , 500 pages of emails - thousands short of the number necessary to meet the court ' s order that the department release 82 percent of the emails by the end of the year .             
Now 28 , she says that the strict lifestyle initially added fuel to her body image issues , but training eventually helped her lose her fear of eating .                                       
Ryan has been pushing the message for weeks and the Wall Street Journal writes that Ryan sees himself as the man in charge .                                                 
It was well below analysts ' average forecast of $ 1 . 56 per share , according to Thomson Reuters I / B / E / S .                                         
Trump on Sunday also pushed back against the notion he cannot compete against Democratic front - runner Hillary Clinton in a general election .                                                 
There was blood coming from his nose and face and he was saying he didn ' t know whose blood it was or where it had come from .                                       
But , like most of us , if you ' re not in the position to negotiate the terms of your contract , you need to be aware of exactly what you ' re signing .                         
A woman holds up a pair of signs as police look on during a protest to demand city officials do more to help homeless people outside Super Bowl City .                                     
Since 2009 , the number of officer - related fatal shootings has remained steady at three to eight a year .                                                       
He ' s got a different style and technique coming from Poland , but he ' s been fantastic and he ' ll do well .                                             
But a UN - backed plan to end the 20 - month civil war that has torn Libya apart is struggling to take off .                                               
Do you think the current tensions between the U . S . and Russia will lead to a third world war ?                                                     
Mr Corbyn says English regions should have similar powers to the Scottish Parliament , which is set to be given full control over income tax rates by David Cameron next year .                                 
29 , 2014 , however , there is very little evidence that the two were a real married couple , according to friends , public records , and a review of social media accounts .                           
Let ' s go back to this front we used a couple games ago because that was good against this running play .                                                   
We ' ve learned , for instance , that Hillary Clinton is no better candidate now than she was in 2008 , and , in fact , seems much worse .                                   
One of the men being sought by police is described as black and the other as possibly Asian or Eastern European .                                                     
The reason why these things are in trouble is because Barack Obama is the first president , at least in my lifetime , that wants to change the country .                                     
At the age of 16 , he was sent to the high court in Edinburgh and convicted without a lawyer .                                                       
And state regulators were aware of the situation at the largest gas storage field in the West but said they were limited in their ability to stop it .                                       
But it wasn ' t - and the reasons for that go right to the heart of what will cause the EU to collapse .                                               
The chancellor has managed to create an unlikely alliance between myself , the Sun newspaper , the mayor of London and , according to reports , even No 10 this morning .                                 
Trump asked the children in the crowd to gather near the stage and said he would let them run through the plane after his remarks .                                             
It is important that each and every one of us feel safe to seek treatment when we are ill or in pain .                                                   
" There were more cars on the road this year and also more roads , so we cannot make such a comparison with last year ," he said .                                       
" The idea that everybody wants the same experience for personal travel is strange to me , because nobody ' s ever wanted that ," King says .                                         
He may even suggest that he will be gone for 15 or 20 minutes , which will give her a chance to be in bed when he returns .                                       
But now , of course , I see him in a different light and would love to see if it worked .                                                     
The survey also shows 52 % of New Hampshire Democrats say they have definitely decided who they will vote for in the primaries .                                                 
So round one , if he gets there and has the appropriate match fitness , that will be determined by the fitness staff and coaches .                                             
The office says emergency personnel and employees who work from home or other remote sites should follow their agency ' s policy .                                                   
Back then it was believed that small amounts of red wine , or any alcohol , helped cut the risk of a heart attack .                                               
For that young man to do what he did today , I can ' t even imagine what he ' s going through .                                                 
He is not just competing against a large field of candidates for votes in the primaries ; he is at war with nearly every power center in the Republican Party - and he is winning .                         
He told The Mail on Sunday : " We know the single biggest risk factor for Alzheimer ' s disease is age , and as our population ages , people will get it more .                             
When it comes to a change this big and this fundamental to our democracy , the only people qualified to decide are the people themselves .                                             
The moves taken by the Chinese government so far involved some heavy - handed and direct market intervention rather than any significant confidence - building measures .                                           
To prove our point , let ' s look at the Senate , where most of the action in Congress on guns has been in the past few years .                                     
And I feel if I don ' t stand up and do what I feel is right , and voice their concerns , what I ' ve heard , and how I feel , then I ' m leaving them behind .             
In meetings with President Obama ' s national security team in recent weeks , military officials have told the White House that they believe they have made significant progress in the fight against the Islamic State in both Iraq and Syria , administration officials said .     
Perth was ranked the fourth least affordable in Australia , requiring 6 . 6 times the household income to be spent , followed by Adelaide at 6 . 4 and Brisbane at 6 . 1 .                         
But we ' ve got to be careful we don ' t get carried away , as always , with the past .                                                   
She is seen with her husband Tom Brady in this May , 2013 file photo at an event in New York .                                                     
The problem for Murray is that Djokovic has never lost on the last day of the tournament and he has never won .                                                   
" In broad terms , however , the environment remains very challenging for us and our customers ," he said .                                                       
This wind - up music - box of a song puts me in mind of a day ' s walk in the mountains .                                                 
Djokovic was made aware of Simon ' s comments in his press conference following a 6 - 3 6 - 7 6 - 4 4 - 6 6 - 3 win .                                 
And then when we had enough information and clear recommendations from our technical experts , then you have to move ahead ," he said .                                               
The Bloomberg adviser whom I contacted told me that Bloomberg would be " far more unlikely to run " if Clinton were the Democratic nominee .                                             
The key reason for a lack of new supply is a government failure : the UK ' s tight land use planning laws .                                                 
That a president could become president who never met people who have to struggle to make a living and put food on the table .                                               
Police said Mr Young was " a young man going about his business " when he fell victim to the " extremely , extremely rare " attack .                                         
This is the greatest country in the world , because if you ' re willing to work hard , you can have absolutely everything you want .                                           
In fact it appears lucky that the police car was in the way or the officer may well have been knocked off his feet .                                               
It has come at just the right time because if ever a population had to know about the natural world , what is happening to it , how we can protect it , and why it is being damaged , it is now .         
" I ' m moving into a bit more contact stuff now and once I ' m into that I can enter the main group and start training again , but that ' ll probably be a few weeks off yet ," he said .       
It should cross the $ 2 billion global mark some time in the next week or so , becoming only the third movie in history to do so .                                       
You ' ve been a great advocate for conservative causes , and she ' s stood by you when others haven ' t ,' Bristol said .                                           
We are working primary roads right now , and then beginning next week , we will get into the secondary roads .                                                     
We played just about our best three quarters ( this season ) and we kicked our highest score in the first three quarters .                                                 
No , it ' s not anything that ' s going to happen , and I ' m not going to be taking legal advice any time soon from Donald Trump .                                 
What ' s become clear from our meetings is that the cuts to jobs and programs that have been announced so far are only the start of the process .                                     
For two decades the community has tried to reverse the trend , investing in cultural activities and tourism to create new jobs and attract young people .                                           
Mr Blair says : " It was fine ... He feels that he is not understood about the problems he faces there .                                                     
If you know and when we all studied our history lessons , you are supposed to be born in this country , so I just don ' t know how the courts will rule on this .                       
It ' s great to get three points and we go into two important away games on the back of a win .                                                   
If people can ' t judge the quality of what they are paying for , those who can ' t afford the fee stop seeing their doctor , regardless of whether they need to or not .                       
It ' s not what I intended to do at this age , but it has kind of worked out .                                                       
The report ' s figures show that there is a small but significant increased risk of breast cancer for women who drink .                                                   
" I ' m looking forward to seeing what kind of teams are going to be going down there to play in the World Cup ," Day said .                                       
" I ' m just here " cause he ' s promised me a spot in his cabinet ," she said .                                                     
Parker said his client did not make an agreement of cooperation with the U . S . government and the sentence he could receive is still unknown .                                         
" You ' d have to ask quite a few people in the street before you find someone who can name three ," he says .                                             
Under my leadership I want everyone to have their plans and their own ideas and be able to feel comfortable to come with me no matter what the situation of the game .                               
That was far more than his competitors on the main stage , even though Trump did not attend the debate .                                                       
It ' s enough that people are trying to move their money out of the country before things get any worse - which , of course , is making things worse .                                 
But what I can say is that it ' s important we follow the rules and that people are safe when they come to football matches .                                           
' We have radical Islamic terror going on all over the place , all over the world , and we have a president that won ' t say it ,' the GOP front - runner said .                       
The president responded that those criminals illegally purchase weapons from others who should ' ve been subject to background checks .                                                       
Here are some of the the different places and situations where people across the globe have found themselves in the past as they brought in the New Year .                                       
Earlier this year , it was announced that the Democratic party presidential candidate and former first lady would be making a guest appearance on an upcoming episode .                                         
Yet the presidential primary process has served America well in the past , and it almost certainly will serve us well this year too .                                               
" I joined up because I thought the campaign was going to be about a positive vision for Britain outside the EU ," he said .                                             
The travel restrictions have been imposed throughout the countries after hundreds of thousands made their way across the area last year .                                                     
The group said it had found evidence that guns had been bought on the site and used to kill others in two cases .                                                 
He is named after the repair shop where a van he was traveling in was taken to after it crashed in 1999 .                                                   
The applications will be presented for consideration at next week ' s league meeting in Houston on Tuesday and Wednesday .                                                       
" You can take some comfort , colleagues , in the fact that I am not being paid , and when I finish , you will probably think the White House got its money ' s worth ," he said .               
It ' s cheap for schools - sharing resources and ideas has become easier - but , for me , teachers and social media don ' t mix .                                       
There is a lot of good people doing a lot of good work here but in these situations we just need more support .                                                 
Perry , who runs a San Antonio community group , said he was disappointed that only about 60 people attended Monday ' s rally .                                               
However , we also rely on people engaging with the services offered and taking advantage of the assistance which we can give .                                                   
The vast majority of these 45 million people who have so far offered goods or services have other sources of income and describe their experiences in this new economy as positive , according to the poll .                       
She said : " I feel angry , hurt and it has made me question my choice of the area I live in .                                                   
Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is taking steps to launch an independent bid for the White House , CBS News has confirmed .                                               
' The show will be half in English and half in French and so we will see how it does , I ' m a bit worried that not enough French people speak English well enough .                       
Even first - time offenders are out of school for long periods - a month , two months , longer if an appeal is filed .                                             
' She could bring a room to life , and light up someone ' s day by crossing the street to speak to them .                                               
We ' ve got to score some points ... and get this thing rolling if we want to get to where we ' ve got to go .                                         
But Kerry acknowledged one day prior there is a possibility some of the expected $ 55 billion Iran will have access to could end up in terrorists ' possession .                                     
70 brought up the notion that injuries are guaranteed to happen to every player and / or mentioned that they know the risks associated with football but aim to set those thoughts aside .                             
The FA Cup of course [ is up there ] but I ' ve also won the European Cup which was a huge achievement at that time .                                         
All they ' re allowed to do is sell 1 percent of their shares over the next three months - and that ' s provided that they give 15 days advance notice .                               
Cruz ' s campaign now had what no recent hard - right conservative candidate had : the resources to run a long campaign .                                                 
4 ( UPI ) -- This year could be challenging for a Saudi Arabia facing economic pressure from lower crude oil prices amid neighborhood security risks , analysis finds .                                       
I would give anything to be rid of it , it is the biggest mistake of my life ,' he said .                                                     
They ' ve made it harder for the government ' s public health experts to conduct research on gun violence .                                                       
It took jail staff 16 hours to realize the three men were missing because an assault on a guard delayed an evening head count .                                               
Libya could present the West with challenges equal to those an American - led coalition faces in fighting the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq .                                             
They capture perfect images and as long as you have a steady hand , you can really get some movie magic with them .                                                 
He had done what so many Republican candidates promise on the campaign trail , or at least he said so .                                                       
" I have to say , since the second child policy , our unit now has more than a dozen pregnant women ," says a female user .                                         
The FBI in a statement confirmed the agency ' s Chicago field office has opened a civil rights probe into the shooting .                                                   
To not get what you want twice and to then have to go a third time , that was hard .                                                       
The hotel is a nice five - star but once they step into the training centre , it is about business .                                                     
It has a number of other products in advanced trials , in areas such as chronic heart failure and chronic low - back pain .                                               
He added : " If you could call one of them , I don ' t know , it ' s getting cold out here , man .                                           
The 12 countries have a collective population of about 800 million - almost double that of the European Union ' s single market .                                                 
It will be three times larger than the original ( 12 , 000 square feet ) with seven private dining rooms .                                                     
But Clinton chose not to focus on her Democratic rivals on Monday , even as her one of her top campaign aides issued a statement to reporters calling Sanders ' approach to Wall Street reform into question .                     
But for Carolina , they will be making just their second Super Bowl appearance , having finished on the losing side at Super Bowl 38 .                                             
" He felt it wasn ' t best for him to come into this Test match the way he is at the moment ," Smith said .                                           
He pointed out that Christian minorities supported the Syrian government of President Bashar al - Assad , which allowed them to live in peace .                                               
He also said the U . S . is spending three times as much as the British and 50 percent more than the French on healthcare , and both countries guarantee it to all their citizens .                       
I will put all the heart I have into the job for this club and try to make sure things work out well .                                                 
We hope that the media now take this opportunity to provide serious and comprehensive information about sexual violence , so lots of people know about it .                                           
I knew my mum and Sarah were going to try to visit on Wednesday morning , a reception visit allowed during the first few days .                                             
It gives me great joy that people can buy this collection and read King ' s writing , which is close to his speaking voice .                                             
It also requires the candidate to promise to act within the first 30 days in office to work on at least one of the four goals .                                           
For him , creating a dance which anyone , of any age or ability could perform , was both a moral as well as a creative challenge .                                         
It would be a permanent solution and it would limit the rights and access of people who came to Britain from the EU to work .                                             
Canada ' s opposition Conservative party noted the previous Conservative government hosted an anti - ISIS coalition meeting last July .                                                       
While authorities indicated they were only hunting for a single suspect , a statement suggested they were still open to the possibility that the man had help .                                         
Our fee income remained steady and our net interest income was up more than 12 % from the fourth quarter of last year .                                                 
We are trying everything to come to a solution but at the end it always comes down to we are better than the opponents .                                               
I needed to know now , like I have done every January , and sometimes it takes a couple of months to get done .                                               
City have shown that when a club is prepared to take the women ' s game seriously , invest properly in players , infrastructure and talent , then much can be achieved in a short time .                       
The death takes the year ' s road toll to 10 - down from 15 at the same time last year .                                                     
This will hit more modest buy - to - let investors the most , while many of the more sophisticated have their buy - to - let properties held via a company .                               
He is believed to have been on his way home from a friend ' s house when he was assaulted .                                                       
" I will have to get someone in as soon as possible to put everything back to how it was ," she said .                                                 
You put your life ' s work into stuff and for it to end like that is difficult to take .                                                       
Some of his teammates took up the cause for the second - year forward , who missed all but one game last season after breaking his leg on opening night .                                   
Yet for most people the online forms should take no more than a couple of hours - and you even have the luxury of taking your time as you don ' t have to complete it all in one go .               
Our investigations to date have not found a common cause , and it is possible that there may not be a single cause that links the cases .                                         
The egg industry is paying universities where these people are , then putting them on the committee to decide whether eggs are safe or not .                                             
He denied he had ignored an initial legal letter to remove the comments and said he had been given two weeks to respond .                                                 
There are processes through policies and other things that are there that can be dealt with could be dealt with if that ' s deemed appropriate .                                           
I want to know : What is it that you want to tell us about why it is you ' re not voting on those things ?                                           
For me it ' s important not just to build this season but next year , the next year , the year after that .                                               
The next step in the peace process , a political dialogue with the eight groups that signed , is set to begin on January 12 .                                             
In San Francisco , where " Hamilton " begins its national tour in March 2017 , individual tickets will go on sale later .                                                 
I am delighted that Justin and Peter have chosen to invest in the business and will help shape our growth .                                                       
In fact , the low fat diet has contributed to the increased rates of obesity and type two diabetes over the last 30 years .                                               
Russia ' s Defence Ministry has repeatedly denied targeting civilians , saying it takes great care to avoid bombing residential areas .                                                     
I was raised by a step - dad who was amazing , but it played on my mind not having a father .                                                   
It ' s been going very well for me , and I hope to keep it up as long as I choose to play tennis .                                             
" We hope this will be a positive experience ... today is about the positive nature you can feel in this room ," he added .                                             
But the importance of the 2008 Republican vice - presidential nominee ' s endorsement , lies far more in her celebrity than in the elected office she once held .                                     
The battle begin in December when the 15 year - old refused to return to New York despite a Manhattan judge ' s court order .                                             
I did not expect the story that came up , not at all , and this really hit me by total surprise .                                                   
Of the 57 calls , police attended 38 incidents , mainly because of concern for people ' s safety or to address suspicious activity .                                               
Putin made similar comments last year , but Russian officials subsequently denied that Moscow provided military aid to the Syrian opposition groups that Putin had mentioned .                                           
The report , which reviewed public information requests from 1996 to 2015 , called on the department to develop an improvement plan and boost staff levels .                                           
Sun told CNN he hoped that this court case would open public debate about gay people and their interests and welfare in China .                                                 
This comes just as the Federal Reserve has begun to remove its support of the U . S . economy , allowing interest rates to rise for the first time in years .                               
" Sometimes decisions are big , but they ' re easy to make ," he said of his resignation from the ministry .                                                   
The 29 - year - old Beijing resident grew up with her younger brother , whom their parents had to pay a fine to keep back in the 1980s .                                     
It was also nice to contribute personally and be there to finish the game off in my new role in the middle order - one I ' m really enjoying at the moment .                             
She said that 95 per cent of animal - tested drugs that entered clinical trials did not make it to the market .                                                   
" It has changed so much since the five years I have lived here , it makes me feel stressed ," says Thomas .                                                 
A senior defense official says the sharp increases were due largely to students ' growing confidence in the reporting system and expanded awareness programs that over the past several years have included training , videos and information sessions for both students and leaders .         
This is meant to help the police and security services keep pace with technology being used by terrorists and organised criminals .                                                     
Sir Stuart was named as the first commander of the UK joint forces command in 2011 , and was appointed to the armed forces ' second most senior role in 2013 .                                 
In his view it was " out of all proportion , simply to maintain levels of domestic stability ," as an example of the attitude of those in power .                                     
I don ' t think there ' s any higher risk of injury and it makes it a good game of football .                                                   
It ' s really fantastic to have a proper run around with proper - length quarters and just to see how the AFL clubs kind of go about their business and what they do in their pre - season ," she said .           
" It feels so good to not have the stress of thinking I need a C - section ," she wrote on her website then .                                             
Those numbers will be especially crucial in the swing states with the largest black populations : Ohio , Florida and Virginia .                                                     
A North Carolina woman and her former FBI agent father have been charged in the August murder of the woman ' s husband .                                                 
Over the last parliament there were 14 per cent cuts in real terms and there will be 8 per cent cuts in this one ," he added .                                         
The term struck her as a vast improvement and as the key to a new way of thinking about the disease and those affected by it .                                           
Police said a two - year - old child also in the woman ' s car received only minor injuries .                                                       
She has this idea that men are the man of the house , men are the leaders and men go to work and the mothers stay home .                                         
The 20 - year - old says : " When a photo comes up it makes me happy and it ' s nice to know I have another brother or sister out there .                               
" We have been concerned about regional universities for a long time , but what is really surprising is the numbers in the more well - known group of eight ," he said .                             
He gets bad press , which is so sad because he ' s just doing what he said he would do .                                                     
At the moment we don ' t know what happened since he responded to a call to go for an assessment .                                                     
That ' s a great asset to have in your first job , because you can affect everything on the pitch .                                                     
So far , however , the Church has been mum about whether the Zika emergency could impact its " pro - life " stance .                                               
They broke a window at one stage and got in the house to look around and today they did the same but this time they ' ve obviously found something .                                   
A year later , he received a call from a woman in the village to say that her daughter had started school .                                                   
There have also been reported cases in Australia but it is believed the last case was in 2014 , Fairfax reported .                                                     
One 17 - year - old told the crowd she had no option but to leave her home town in search of work .                                                 
For the fifth year in a row , Los Angeles reported a record number of tourists for 2015 , thanks in part to the continued growth of the number of big - spending international visitors .                         
The new knowledge has mostly been used for good - but it could just as easily be turned on us .                                                       
The things you have to do away from home , I don ' t think we ' re very good at doing them yet .                                               
He said he might demand a $ 10 million appearance fee for a CNN debate in September and $ 5 million for another CNN debate in December .                                         
Your closest friends and family members aren ' t you , but they have a pretty good idea of who you are .                                                   
The Lakers wound up losing by 18 points and even went back down by 24 points in the fourth , but they all saw what could be done if they focused on the right things , playing defense .                   
The poll found 34 percent of New Hampshire GOP primary voters back Trump , putting him 20 percentage points ahead of Sen . Ted Cruz , R - Texas , who registered in second place with 14 percent support .                 
MPs are to debate calls for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from Britain after his controversial comments about Muslims .                                                   
It was announced in June that the vaccine would be given to all babies when they reached two months of age .                                                     
49 percent think the economy is in good shape , while 49 percent say it is bad - that ' s down from 53 percent last month .                                         
But she is tied to controversy , as the Justice Department looks at Clinton ' s use of a private email server .                                                   
I have tried to track him down to let him know how things are going for me , but have never been able to .                                               
There are not going to be too many opportunities between now and the end of the season in games like that when you have created the greater chances .                                       
Bush claimed that Trump ' s decision calls into question the Republican front - runner ' s ability to serve as commander in chief .                                               
He is currently working on setting the world record for the most 90 - degree push - ups with one hand .                                                     
If it were part of the establish then it would be time for all of us to stop working so hard to defend it and fight for it .                                       
Donald Trump will not attend the next Republican debate , the presidential candidate ' s campaign manager said just minutes after Trump said he " probably " won ' t show up .                               
American arms sales , of which a package worth $ 1 . 8 billion was approved last month , may again become a big issue in relations between China and America .                                 
Not only is he a high quality person , with a wonderful family , whom I have great respect for - I also consider him a very good friend and his support means so much to me .                     
We got closer and we were prepared to die out in the middle for each other if it came to that .                                                     
He is hoping to do well in the largely conservative state , whose electorate includes lots of military and ex - military voters .                                                 
" I thought he was going to kill me because I had seen his face and could tell on him and he was an officer and had to know he wasn ' t supposed to do this ," she said .               
It ' s a reminder that the Internet is the first medium to deliver news on a worldwide scale that has no editor .                                                 
I love the diversity of working overseas , when I come back to Australia it ' s not like that in policy or science .                                               
As much as 45 percent of Germany ' s exports go to China , he noted , compared with around 15 percent for the United States .                                           
" You really don ' t want to think about it ; you want to block it out of your mind ," she told CNN .                                             
Republic , which emerged in the early 1980s , had about 300 members and little direction when Smith , now 41 , arrived after a period of living and working in Australia .                               
It makes it much more difficult for web users to reach those specific sites , but does little to stop others appearing elsewhere .                                                 
The grandfather - of - five and father - of - four has been off work since then and had rarely been seen in public .                                             
" The main problem is that she ' s got quite a large area of bone missing from the front of her head , which is basically just brain and skin , so this area needs to be protected ," she said .           
In 2015 , he registered a career - best 45 touchdowns ( 35 passing , 10 rushing ), and had three games with five touchdown passes .                                           
We didn ' t know how the character would go down , so we had no official contract over who owned what , or any advertising deal for our part in creating a character .                           
That task force will include members of the military along with representatives from countries that are supporting various armed groups in Syria .                                                   
I don ' t think it is even a question if he will be a success in England or not .                                                       
The second half was an even affair , with the hosts doing enough to claim a three - point win .                                                       
" It was just between me and Sean , for a couple of weeks as he wrote his draft ," he said .                                                   
As in the U . S ., consumers in the newly added countries who pay a monthly fee will be able to watch Netflix original series as well a library of movies and TV shows .                         
The broadcast networks can display speed , distance covered , and changes of direction on the field , changing the way fans watch the game and team officials track players .                                   
So I think it ' s even more important now and I would like to think you ' ll see more and more of this type of involvement .                                       
" This is hard , but it ' s the truth : America is a great nation in decline ," Rubio says .                                                   
I don ' t know what I ' ll do at the end of this season , but I ' d like to stay in the Premier League .                                       
With that long - term aim seemingly quite clear , what exactly has happened since that interview , other than this current poor run of form ?                                           
So unless tennis , you can start playing tennis when there ' s music in the background , that ' s a new rule .                                               
Don ' t forget to watch out for the promised Obama / Ryan summit at the White House in the new year .                                                   
I call it a sort of addiction -- addiction that some in the United States have to sanctions and pressure .                                                       
Children want to explore the world when they begin to walk and their parents should always make access to windows and other dangerous places difficult .                                             
Mr George denied involvement - and analysis of his case by Cardiff law students led to a successful appeal in December 2014 .                                                   
His campaign reported raising just under $ 40 , 000 as of the end of the last quarter , and had less than $ 10 , 000 in cash on hand as of Sept .                           
A UK government spokesperson said : " The government is making sure Britain gets a pay rise and that businesses have the skills they need to succeed .                                           
And even if they could , they cannot afford the hour and a half it takes out of their day .                                                       
It is cheap on all three measures and its current p / e of 6 . 4 is just above half the long term average of 11 .                                         
He wouldn ' t go into the content of the letters , or say who wrote to whom , or how investigators learned of the letters .                                           
" This guy was a human animal , and killing him probably makes the world a little bit better place ," he added .                                                 
And again , If I look at Germany , there are needs in the labour market and there is also some skills and some capacity which are available there .                                     
But a planned work to contract from Wednesday - and the risk of more strikes - could have more of an effect .                                                   
If the court would decide today according to current circumstances , there would be conviction certainly , independent [ of ] what is in in the case file .                                       
The man , who cannot be named for legal reasons , today admitted to the early morning attacks on Melbourne ' s County Court and the Catholic Church ' s headquarters .                                 
She said the members she had spoken to so far were pleased to think they would be able to help without it requiring much time or effort .                                         
So , let ' s work out how much you pay - and how to make sure you don ' t pay too much .                                               
It ' s likely we ' ll continue to see an impact on the ground , particularly on the road network , but we don ' t expect to see new additional flooding .                             
However , he said that was a cover - up to help him deal with being tired after sleeping for just three hours .                                                 
It ' s often thought that the most difficult time to be a mother is during a child ' s first few years .                                                 
But ask the families of 34 victims of gun violence what difference it would make to them to have their loved ones alive today .                                               
The campaign for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton announced Friday it raised $ 37 million over the past three months to support her bid for the Democratic nomination .                                       
The company spokesman said locations for the stores will be determined " on a case - by - case basis ," with one additional location in or near London .                                     
I stand with my peers who are calling for change in expanding the stories that are told and recognition of the people who tell them .                                             
Whether you like the details of Clinton ' s plan or not , she has now set a new floor for what a presidential candidate can be expected to do .                                   
Since its economic reforms in the 1980s , China has attracted significant foreign investment , thanks in large part to its low wages .                                                 
It could also lead to the development of a new test that would help patients understand how likely they are to achieve a pregnancy before they begin the treatment process , the study found .                           
In my experience , although I have won a lot of stuff , those times are so few and far between .                                                     
We ' re actually on tape this morning , so we ' re not here , we ' re spending time with our families and hope you ' re doing the same this morning .                           
One man described how his partner and 15 - year - old daughter were surrounded by a crowd outside the station and he was unable to help .                                         
What can you say to somebody tonight to convince them that you don ' t want to take away everybody ' s guns ?                                                 
Tuesday is expected to be a long day of discussion and debate , with the hope that a vote will come Wednesday .                                                   
My mother told me how beautiful it was , and how sad she felt that she had not " been there " through all of that period .                                         
I work for if one day I am not here to give the legacy , it ' s always my way to work not only for the present and for the quick results .                             
I have asked myself how I can live with what I have done , taking my son to Syria ," she said .                                                   
If an Australian hospital made such an offer then it would be considered , but as you know Thailand has much more experience in this kind of surgery than any other country .                               
This is the second year under the health law that large employers must offer affordable , minimum - value coverage or face penalties of up to $ 3 , 000 per worker .                               
This year it was 61 per cent , and of those , 84 per cent voted for Clinton , according to exit polls .                                                 
" I ' m not sure that it matters that much because it ' s not really about me or Donald Trump or Ted Cruz or any of the candidates ," Carson said .                             
Other allegations included staff trying to hide their actions by ensuring they were beneath CCTV cameras or in areas not covered by them .                                                 
I think to be the CEO of this organisation you actually do a lot with the sport so you ' ve got to be very understanding of sport and understanding of rugby league .                             
I didn ' t really want to go to England anyway as I wanted to be around people who knew what I was going through .                                             
But clubs almost never take up the option , aware that player must train with them all summer without even the promise of a spot on a rookie list .                                     
The pair were taken to the San Francisco police ' s Park Station and will eventually be moved to the city jail .                                                   
Newcastle have been maintaining a watching brief over the player for several years and are understood to have registered their interest .                                                     
Even so , I am surprised that he should have closed the book quite as completely as he appears to have done .                                                   
I just got my assessment in the mail and the value of my home has increased by 23 per cent this year .                                                   
You don ' t like our movies , we go over here and do our own awards show for our music and our movies and our culture .                                         
To what level I don ' t know because I ' m not right in that situation looking at all the information and what it ' s possible to do .                                   
The journalist told news . com . au she was more disappointed than anything by the suggestion she should not be working while in her later stage of pregnancy .                                     
Before making its case for radical electoral surgery , the government has to tell the patient what illness it believes she has .                                                   
The US , Italy , Canada , Turkey and Australia also purchased the jets , making it the most expensive defence programme ever .                                                 
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said last week that an election was likely to be held some time in August , September or October .                                                 
' It ' s pretty controversial to say this but things get better over time ,' he said , when I asked why he would want to come back in the future .                               
The report was made in person , and everyone did as they have been trained to do , Jones said .                                                       
The constant rain that has swept across the ground over the past two days has ruled out any chance of a result in the final match in the three - game series and the final Test of the season .                 
We heard about the incidents in the city with refugee men , but we never experienced it ourselves from them .                                                       
' If I ' ve got a free day at the weekend , I ' ll reach for the mountain bike and go out for a spin .                                         
The Prime Minister has been forced to water down a commitment to ban EU migrants from qualifying for in - work benefits for four years .                                             
We ' ve not had too many big results like the one on Tuesday , so it was great for the confidence .                                                   
We had what we were looking for on type and he was it , but you have to consider other things .                                                     
" It ' s good to mix it with these guys because it ' s good to show the kids where we really come from ," he said .                                       
" I have been working on this with our partners , for what feels like years and years , about taking someone [ into a police cell ] who is suffering from a mental illness , who has committed no crime ," she said .       
" Right now I don ' t mind it , I don ' t know what to do ," she said of the focus .                                               
The building in Liverpool ' s business district was evacuated and roads were closed over fears of a suspect package .                                                       
He was appearing before Parliament ' s joint select committee on Australia ' s detention network , which had been established with the support of the Greens and the Coalition .                                   
There has been a " real robust debate between Hillary and Bernie , as there would have been if I had gotten in the race ," he said .                                       
This year Channel Seven has signed a one - year deal for the rights to the event , with another 11 , 000 expected at Sydney Olympic Park on Monday night to see Australia take on the World team .                 
" Cruz has a much bigger operation in Iowa , twice as many people have been contacted by the Cruz campaign than by Trump ' s , yet more people have committed to come out and vote for Trump ," added Mr Murray .         
And we had chances to go in front in the All - Ireland semi - final against Kerry and if we had done that , you never know what would have happened .                               
For much of the spring and summer , climate change was the big factor pushing U . S . temperatures above normal .                                                   
Last season he missed just two games because of injury and is determined to help the Broncos go one step further this year .                                                 
You don ' t know what it looks like or it sounds like ... you look in the most unlikely places to find it .                                               
Italy was among Iran ' s top trading partners , with 7 billion euros ($ 7 . 6 billion ) in trade dropping to 1 . 5 billion after the sanctions .                                 
The move is a response to complaints from insurance companies which have claimed some people are waiting until they need coverage before they buy insurance -- and are then dropping it after treatment .                             
The Broncos now can secure the top spot and home - field advantage throughout the playoffs with a win over San Diego .                                                   
" I guess the main thing as a captain and leader , as long as people respect your decision that is all you can ask ," he said .                                       
I ' m not familiar with many of the rallies and so on , and to do your home rally is much more comfortable .                                               
He is a young man with high expectations of himself and it ' s only his second year , but we are expecting him to make an impact .                                       
But as noted above in the budget section , in 2016 / 17 the Scottish government will use its new powers to keep income tax the same as the rest of the UK .                             
The report said that the FBI seized the North Carolina - based server running the board in February 2015 but did not shut it down immediately .                                           
It ' s not so much that there is a drought of good men , she says , but that there ' s a flood of fantastic women .                                       
He told MPs : " There are a whole lot of other benefits that are available to the women who may be affected .                                                   
' But my concern primarily is that we haven ' t been able to find out from the hospital how much longer we ' re going to have to wait .                                   
In fact , Mr Obama never faced off against Mr Bush , who left office after a maximum two terms in 2009 .                                                   
One child in the camp refused to let anyone cut his hair even after fleeing ISIS because he had been told he couldn ' t do that .                                         
" Not that I ' m not interested in coaching the Lions but my commitment is to coach England ," he said in an interview on BBC 5 Live .                                     
" You don ' t have to have any degree to see that global warming is something that ' s happening to the landscape ," she said .                                         
This idea is not different in kind to the way most authors write , it ' s just different in degree .                                                     
Sport might still draw the crowds , the TV audiences and the advertising dollars and become even bigger than it already is .                                                   
And Britain ' s first speed camera was installed in 1992 , but by 2012 there were over 3 , 000 at 2 , 300 fixed sites .                                         
" The U . S . will do what is necessary to protect the people of our country and our friends and allies in the world ," he said .                                     
That ' s because when you look for a strong culture , you ' re trying to bring in people who share something in common .                                             
When we talk to her , she insists she has been on a trip to the Gulf region and is just on her way home .                                             
December to remember : It was the best December in history for the U . S . auto industry , with sales of 1 . 6 million cars and trucks .                                   
The department had been ordered to release all the emails by Friday , but last week asked the court for a one - month extension .                                             
Most humans live such urban lives , so I hope this is a reminder of a connection we have to wildlife .                                                     
There has been speculation that some would have resigned from their posts if they had been forced to campaign for an " in " vote .                                             
I play a couple of weeks prior , I think , my third event in a row , which is normal for me there .                                               
A total of 86 . 1 % of Queensland was declared drought - affected in December , with the extended dry spell taking a heavy toll on farmers .                                       
For older women , going through ' the change ' may make them feel that they are past their prime .                                                       
Young people who don ' t have bank accounts , who get paid in cash , who are not part of the online connected generation , they will get left behind .                                 
This low pressure system will hang around the area for the next few days and there is a possibility of another low pressure system coming up from Victoria .                                       
Trump never actually lived there and his agent said he rejected an offer to rent the place for $ 80 , 000 a month .                                               
This means that instead of living on average for four years on a state pension , we ' re now looking at closer to 20 .                                             
Several banks have said Britain should remain within the EU because a British exit could harm London ' s place as a global financial center .                                             
This leaves Scotland quite a long way short of the target set in the Scottish government ' s economic strategy .                                                       
" Do we have to go on having some sort of relationship with them because we need a solution to the Syria crisis ?" he said .                                           
However , in practice polling data suggests that Jeremy Corbyn himself is a major part of Labour ' s problem .                                                       
After failed attempts to get rid of them , I usually can get them to leave me alone if I give them my number .                                               
I was talking to myself after every single point almost from the first point through to the last , which was obviously not ideal .                                               
But when he arrived at the visitors ' centre at the start of December he was told he would have to make his own way to the prison entrance .                                     
But if you do leave , then go to a team that plays in the Premier League and can stay there .                                                     
It is the board ' s responsibility to assist each owner in protecting that asset and maintaining the common areas .                                                       
In a letter to Obama on Thursday , Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont said was " extremely disappointed " in the action and urged the president to provide temporary protection to the migrants .                           
My guess is that a very significant percentage of our members , I mean , way over half are going to give a lot more than half .                                         
A woman believed to be the man ' s partner was also detained but released when police realised they had got the wrong person .                                               
The lowest - paid member of the crew will get £ 2 , 300 a month , while an experienced captain can earn up to £ 20 , 000 a month .                                 
" Labour needs to maintain a policy in favour of firm and effective border controls alongside help for refugees ," she said in a statement .                                             
We feel that the support given to first - time buyers must not be at the expense of those people who rent their homes .                                               
And I ' m proud to be part of the ACT Labor team , which has a true vision for Canberra ' s future .                                               
" There may be the situation in which a number of people would like to come out openly and say " I don ' t agree with the party leadership on the EU ," but prefer not to say so in public .           
It is not to everyone ' s taste to be sure but don ' t be surprised if you get the engaged tone when you call the agent .                                       
But one former Facebook executive argued those concerns weren ' t as relevant in the days leading up to Twitter ' s announcement .                                                 
Before the debate , Fox News said that Trump offered to appear at the debate if the network contributed $ 5 million to his new veterans charity .                                         
He thinks the experiment forced the city ' s local education authority to re - examine what it was doing .                                                       
Roberts , who got the job after struggling for years to find one , has been looking for the officer to say thank you .                                               
A witness said : ' There was a big group of doctors in the city centre and this man was at the back .                                                   
I was on a call last night , I ' ll be on another call tonight , if it ' s necessary for me to get down there , I will .                                 
The Sanders surge might come as a surprise to many , considering the first Iowa poll had Clinton leading Sanders by 41 percent when both candidates announced their campaigns last year .                                 
While some argue against giving money to homeless people in case they spend it on drugs and alcohol , he said : " It ' s not to up to us to make that judgment .                           
The test makes it easier and cheaper to control the disease , which claims 1 . 5 million lives across the globe annually .                                                 
" I ' m not too sure to be honest , it ' s for other people to comment on ," he said .                                                 
He is the first former head of state to come before judges at the world ' s first permanent war crimes court .                                                   
And in South Carolina on Saturday , Trump also dominated over the Republican pack , scoring 33 percent of the vote and earning 50 delegates .                                             
He ' s very opposite on me with guns , and he ' s opposite on pro - life , and he ' s opposite on a lot of things , so I would love to have Michael get in the race .           
He said : " Although I was trying to push myself , the help from the teachers wasn ' t there .                                                       
Iran is a huge market for French car manufacturers , which are eager to do business in the country again .                                                       
The 30 - year mortgage rate dropped 11 basis points to 3 . 81 percent , the lowest rate in three months .                                                   
These projects sound like steps in the right direction , but much of the work is going to Chinese government - owned firms .                                                 
You need to allow them to have fun , be patient , and the moment they say they want to stop it ' s time to head for a hot chocolate or call it a day .                       
The coast guard rescued 22 men and four women , and recovered 34 bodies - those of 16 women , seven men and 11 children .                                             
It ' s going to be exactly the same when that starts so we should start preparing for it now .                                                       
Even out on the streets when I ' m with my kids , I still get abuse now and then .                                                       
He says he dropped her off to catch a train back to New York City and that ' s the last time he ever saw her .                                           
" It ' s hard if you don ' t have a goal or another competition to train for ," she says .                                                   
The debate has been scheduled for January 18 in Westminster Hall , where any member of Parliament is allowed to participate .                                                     
Sanders is drawing some of the largest crowds of the presidential election cycle , including a crowd of 20 , 000 in Minnesota this week .                                             
Djokovic in this form projects the idea that he sometimes knows where Murray ' s next shot is going before even Murray does .                                                 
When you are in a relationship , for the first year , you are kind of hiding who you are ... then slowly , the other person figures it out - and they are really not happy about it , for the most part .       
The aim is to advance through the ranks by winning points in the games , with the highest position being Prime Minister .                                                   
He said : " That ' s why we ' re going to be targeting money at people , very often women , who ' ve been stuck at home , sometimes by the men of the house .                     
" They just wanted to show us that if we didn ' t listen , what would happen to us ," he says .                                                 
This is a special season , it is not very easy to win , which is why the points average is less than last season .                                             
And it ' s easy to if you caught your first Uber five years ago on holiday in Brooklyn before anyone here had heard of it .                                           
And last month the UK ' s chief medical officer cut the recommended alcohol limit to 14 units a week for both men and women .                                             
It had a huge impact , so the idea of it being done and hopefully not coming back again is amazing ," the student says .                                             
The Obama administration ' s policy in Syria is now focused not on Assad but on the Islamic State , including its means of support .                                             
We ' re going to find out once we get out the balls and let these guys start playing again .                                                       
" I lost friends in the war , our house was destroyed and I was fleeing from place to place looking for a shelter , " he says .                                         
For instance , the landscape is different to anything you ' ve ever seen -- it ' s like a totally different world .                                                 
The White House repeated its arguments that the agreement was meant " to address one issue only ," meaning Iran ' s pursuit of a nuclear weapon , and that adding terrorism as a condition after the fact would amount to bad faith .         
I remember Liverpool had a spell of play where they were on top , the crowd just went through the roof and I ' ve never felt anything like it .                                   
But overall , really happy with how I came out in the third and stepped up , considering it ' s been , you know , many weeks since I ' ve been in that position .                       
Researchers also found a " very large difference " in the progress made during the first year of primary school by children in " high " and " low " performing schools .                               
It is also important that you think about ensuring that you can afford to live if you are unable to work through ill health or injury .                                           
Jason : I like the idea of free education for all ( it ' s up to you what you make of it , after all ) and low - cost child care .                             
His mother met him as he walked off the court , and the two went straight to the tournament ' s transportation office , from which they were driven away .                                   
" It ' s called YouTube ," says Mr Jones , whose job is to talk to world leaders and governments about what Google is doing .                                           
" I ' m sure I read that play and thought it was going to be tough ," he says .                                                       
Only 28 % would describe the country as " strong and confident ," the view Obama will pursue on Tuesday .                                                       
But it seems to me that there has to be a failure by another key player in a democracy to allow that to happen .                                               
The combination of that , and our shot - making was just not there all night , we just lost a little bit of our edge .                                           
" Although there is no immediate danger you need to be aware and keep up to date in case the situation changes ," she said .                                             
It is taking views away from local councils and local people - and then soon they will have no say at all .                                                   
There was no immediate response on Tuesday from Trump or his campaign to the news that the debate was to go ahead .                                                   
We really want to keep the search going and keep people searching and looking out , so people will be looking for her .                                                 
Trump has been threatening to do something like this for months , while negotiating for as much control as he can get .                                                   
I ' m sure it ' s something to do with my childhood holidays , which were only a little way down the coast .                                               
The minimum wage in California starts to rise this year : It increased to $ 10 an hour on Jan .                                                       
During a wait of more than 30 minutes to speak to someone , a recorded message said there was a charge for the call .                                               
December 19 : Mr Simpson - Kent was described as a ' high - risk missing person ' to the public by police .                                                 
Perth back Alex Grant says defence has been the key to their improvement but has stressed they need to start winning away from after gaining just one point from six games on the road .                           
It ' s really quite normal for this time of the year but a contrast to what we have had .                                                       
A break in the rain may come by Friday , but another system is again expected to hit Los Angeles on Saturday night into Sunday .                                             
This will take the online retailer ' s workforce in Britain to more than 14 , 500 by the end of 2016 .                                                   
It ' s in our interest to make this investment in education , let alone for the moral reasons of wanting to help the children themselves .                                           
The 27 - year - old ' s family says he was a U . S . Air Force veteran who struggled with mental health problems .                                           
The new parliament will be dominated by people who were once political prisoners and that tells you that the people did not like the military government .                                           
It also will apply $ 500 , 000 of the fine toward expanding its mobile application to let customers make disability - related requests , the regulator said .                                       
You ' re either all the way in or all the way out in this process , and we believe our guys are all the way in .                                         
The letter , out of the blue , said that the couple had never been entitled to housing benefit and now had to pay back £ 52 , 000 .                                     
Even with additional scrutiny and a new leader in place , those who follow Metro say that a change in culture will not come overnight .                                             
The study also reveals that some British aid to Syria has been stolen by armed groups operating in the country .                                                       
It comes just days before David Cameron is expected to make a decision in response to growing calls for a sugar tax to tackle childhood obesity .                                           
When people tried to reach him , if he was not at home , they would ring Paul , whom they knew shared the house .                                             
While police did not go into details of the symbol , the image mostly closely linked to IS is the group ' s black flag .                                             
Meanwhile , both sides in the dispute over the new junior doctor contract said they thought there was almost no chance of a resolution before the first strike is due to be staged next week .                         
China renewed its orange alert , its second most serious weather warning on Sunday , state news agency Xinhua said Monday , with at least four deaths reported .                                       
So while he may like the people on the inside , and the people on the inside who he writes checks to may like him , that is the whole problem .                                 
The prime minister said the proposals for possible cuts were disappointing and suggested the Conservative - run council should look at back - office savings and shared services between the emergency services instead .                             
' I don ' t personally know anyone who suffered a loss like this until I started receiving emails and messages from friends and other people around the world who had seen my post .                           
Italy cancelled the mission due to the high costs of the operation - estimated at € 9 million ($ 13 . 5 million ) a month - and criticism from its European allies about the rescue operation acting as a " pull factor " for desperate people . 
If we all moved on , it would be the equivalent of ten years " worth of government house - building targets .                                                   
We just want some awareness and some assistance for them , even how little it is , it can go a long way .                                                 
The thing is , even doing something so shocking on TV , our film shows the world carrying on - yes , it ' s headlines on the day .                                     
We ' ll continue to do what we ' ve been doing and go about it the same way and if we can knock off one of those big ones .                                   
Even though we still want to explore the world for as long as possible , we need to change our travelling style to restore the healthy relationship we had .                                     
By allowing them to take longer steps , it also helps to reduce their energy costs when they go faster .                                                       
Still , a significant minority of Americans , certainly a larger portion of the population than in most countries , take seriously a citizen ' s duty to understand our democracy .                                 
The 65 - year - old made history by becoming the first person to spend a single night on the island , which is the world ' s youngest .                                     
Yes , there are many Republican voters who are supporting what the media calls " protest " candidates like Donald Trump , Ted Cruz and Ben Carson .                                         
That price will get you a pass for two days , which allows you to visit one park per day .                                                       
" From the school ' s perspective today -- and as almost all victims and numerous other witnesses indicated -- we believe the School could have done more to keep its students safe ," the St . George ' s report said .           
Work was originally planned to begin in October but the process was set back by a the risk assessment process taking longer than expected .                                               
I was there for one season , 2009 - 10 , a year without a summer break , with very long days .                                                   
" I think whatever culture you ' re from you have these questions about where we come from , why we ' re here and what ' s going to happen in our future ," she said .                     
That makes it easy to put things in perspective and deal with things the best way possible , to be able to improve through all of this as well .                                     
The adviser was paid commission for making the sale , which could be around 5 per cent of the amount invested .                                                     
" For every 20 minutes that you ' re working up close , take a 20 second break to look at something 20 feet further away ," she said .                                     
As far as main characters go , players have the option of choosing one of four male characters from the Star Wars franchise .                                                 
I told them the other day they can be anything they would want to be as long as they work hard at it .                                                 
He returned to work on his father ' s maintenance crews - while his younger brother found success in Manhattan ' s real estate market .                                             
British Transport Police said the 19 - year - old victim had been approached at about 17 : 40 by another man who seemed intent on starting a fight .                                     
Still , a senior Iranian oil official said the country could moderate oil output and exports once Western sanctions are lifted to avoid putting prices under further pressure .                                       
The 56 - year - old said : ' I started looking through the images on the back of my camera immediately after the attack and became very excited to discover that I had actually captured the event in detail .                 
I ' ll find out what that reason is soon enough , but for now I ' m going to spend time with my family .                                             
" The ACT will usually have a reasonable yield based on the strong public service support of the housing sector ," he said .                                                 
The removal of Corbyn is not the answer to all of Labour ' s problems , but his departure would allow it to start talking to the voters who will decide the result of the next election .                     
I have always believed that if you are to protect your economy from unfair competition from abroad , you should do so on a national basis .                                           
Speaking of her hopes of recovery she said : ' It ' s early days but they ' ve found there ' s no problem with my sleep pattern .                                       
However , continued strong house price growth - particularly in London and the South East - is evidence that the supply of housing is struggling to keep up with demand .                                   
I have never been more confident in my answer to Netflix asking me if I ' d like to continue watching .                                                     
He must have played nearly 600 games as a centre forward , which is maybe not the same as playing in the position I did .                                             
Costa has had a hand in four goals in his last two league games ( three goals , one assist ), the same total he managed in his previous 14 league appearances this season .                           
At the moment I don ' t think we could accept that , although we do view the British as our friends and allies .                                               
" This is a tragic situation and we are working with other agencies to assist the local community ," she said .                                                     
Instead of buying you a recording of your favourite artist , he can treat you to a live show in your own home .                                                 
I come to see the cars , I grew up in a car family , we didn ' t come for a music show .                                               
This year , the Broncos defence ranks first in the league in yards allowed per game , third in rushing yards allowed and fourth in points conceded .                                         
The two are among a number of high - profile figures , both living and now dead , who have been accused of sex abuse .                                             
The rate was 6 . 7 % at the end of 2013 , and the significant improvement was a key factor in the Federal Reserve ' s decision last month to raise a key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade .       
In Go , however , there are about 200 possible moves , making the task of writing a winning program far more difficult .                                                 
He wrote : " Once in a while , a speaker announcement explains that everybody has to stop right where they are for security reasons .                                               
More than a million migrants arrived in Germany last year , after the country threw open its doors to those fleeing the conflict in Syria .                                             
Andrew Turnbull , soon to take over as Cabinet Secretary , reflected later : " I wouldn ' t call it a lie .                                                   
Britain , for instance , has recently decided to impose a system of both minimum and living wages , based on age .                                                   
He said : " It was very important to be top of the league at the end of January because now comes a tough February with games against Liverpool , Arsenal and Manchester City .                             
The House was originally scheduled to be in session on Monday , but now the first votes of the week will be at 6 : 30 p . m .                                     
He said : " What the public want are ordinary people to be members of parliament and that is exactly what I am - I am an ordinary guy that happens to do politics .                             
" I ' ve loved every moment of it , the good and the bad , but most of it is good ," the great Swiss said .                                         
I know Tony Hall well enough to know that he is indeed serious about a commitment to the arts on TV .                                                     
3 when a relative dropped her off at her home in Park Forest , just south of Chicago , according to authorities .                                                   
And you wonder how those figures will look in 2019 , and you also wonder whether it will be the same four teams - New Zealand , England , Ireland and France - who will still have no players based overseas .             
" It was only the one check - in line that had to be evacuated for maximum half an hour , if that ," she said .                                           
The deal would create the largest bank in Ohio , and the companies would have about $ 100 billion in combined assets .                                                   
It ' s a massive tradition in this country and to be part of that is something to be proud of as well .                                                 
In rich countries it went up from six to 11 years over that period , and in poor ones it shot from two to seven .                                             
He was on his A - game and , if he keeps striking it like that , I ' m going to have to make up for it somewhere else .                                   
Mr Brown claims that complaints by Asian officers detailed to the Police Federation - which acts as a union for officers - had been leaked back to the force .                                     
The alleged abuse involved six children : five girls and a boy who were between the ages of 7 and 16 at the time it is said to have taken place .                                 
He will be appearing before the committee on February 23 and we hope to be able to ask him about these and other issues .                                               
Having the film open after Star Wars has helped give it a chance to raise its profile , he added .                                                       
Sen . Marco Rubio bought the most time of any Republican , with 3 , 400 minutes -- almost double Sen . Ted Cruz and Donald Trump .                                         
" They ' re trying to sort of capture the county ' s political moment and own it for themselves ," he said .                                                 
Mrs Trump ' s virtual absence from the Trump nomination campaign , barely opening her mouth when she does appear , has left many convinced she would fall into the former First Lady category .                           
" I ' m so sorry for what I have done and I wish as a younger person I had sought out help for myself to stop feeling the way I felt ," he told the court .                     
The problem is if all the players in this moment had no injuries in pre - season , they are still in the race and can cope with this intensity .                                   
But they are going to vote , and the Republican candidate who takes a stand on their issues is likely to get their attention .                                               
A small amount of cocaine was found in his home and he admitted in a subsequent interview that he had been using the drug that night .                                           
Instead , it has got worse - and increasing numbers of refugees in 2015 mean the problem has almost certainly got even more serious .                                               
More than one million refugees and migrants travelled to Europe last year , most fleeing conflicts in Syria , Iraq and Afghanistan .                                                   
It ' s incredible how a smile or nice comment from somebody can lift you out of a bad mood .                                                       
They [ the authorities ] know exactly who is doing it and , if they wanted to stop it , they could stop it today .                                             
And one of the things we have to do is we have to have South Korea and Germany and Japan , and all of these countries that we , essentially , protect ( we protect them ) -- they have to start paying .           
It is not going to help those hundreds of soldiers who are already victim to the investigations and action needs to be taken to help them .                                           
France , with 66 million people compared with Canada ' s 35 million , plans to bring in 30 , 000 over two years .                                               
What a ride it has been so far : 30 degrees on Sunday , 35 on Monday , 24 on Tuesday , and after a predicted top of 41 on Wednesday the temperature is set to drop to 19 degrees on Thursday .           
Belgian police said late on Thursday that three people had been arrested for questioning as part of an investigation into the plot .                                                   
Ben , meanwhile , offers a medical perspective : " From a keep - fit point of view , it ' s pretty good .                                                 
Let ' s be on TV and in film because we are good , not just because we ' re there to make up the numbers .                                           
To go out and listen to conversations and report on what they ' re hearing , they had a problem with that , and I had problem with that .                                     
Our scoring system has changed this season and a correct result ( picking a win , draw or defeat ) is now worth 10 points .                                             
The Kansas City , Missouri - based company ' s shares were down about 1 . 27 percent at $ 56 . 65 on Monday .                                             
If you are frustrated that not enough is being done to help your loved one , believe me , the people not doing enough are frustrated about it too .                                     
" He continued to take pictures despite his injuries ," he said as he looked me in the eye , raise a pointed finger to me and said .                                       
And there ' s a proportion of the American population - the sort of people who think the moon landing didn ' t happen - who probably think Star Wars is based on a true story .                       
Rights of Women lost an earlier challenge in the High Court in its attempt to make it easier for victims of domestic violence to obtain legal aid .                                         
In the first round of France ' s recent regional elections , the far - right National Front won the largest vote .                                                   
Of course what you want to be doing as a business is focusing on building amazing products and hiring people and helping the UK make the most of the internet opportunity and that is what we want to spend our time doing .           
In light of the changes announced on Friday , such category reforms could really mark a sea - change at the Academy .                                                   
" Nine months ago , we came to this beautiful state , we had no political organization , we had no money , we had no name recognition and we were taking on the most powerful political organization in the United States of America ," he said . 
There have been times , she says , when she has been so tired she could not focus on the road and heavy traffic .                                               
The interior and justice ministers promised to bring down the full force of the law - even as the police had to admit that they as yet had no information to make individual arrests .                           
Indeed , some managers are saying that they are trading in and out more actively these days as they are having a tough time getting the stocks at the prices they want .                               
We were really upset when the doctors said it was best if we didn ' t see him , that he needed peace and quiet on his own to recover .                                   
He added : " We don ' t believe that in the near future a solution will be found in Europe to limit the number of refugees .                                           
This negative interest rate policy doesn ' t directly affect consumers , but rather the financial institutions that hold money at the Bank of Japan .                                             
In fact , that study showed that 10 % of employers reported that they were changing workers from part - time to full - time status to enable them to obtain coverage .                               
But there is still a way to go : The women ' s teams played two , 15 - minute periods with running time and a friends - and - family crowd of a few hundred people .                     
But less than 24 hours after walking free , he took a coach from London to Paris and headed to the ISIS war zone with his young family .                                       
The move by the country ' s largest teaching union has led to the closure of five secondary schools in the region for one day .                                             
" Yes , let ' s have some guidelines and try to get them going faster , and everybody can benefit as long as it ' s done in a controlled way ," he said .                         
It ' s one of those things you try not to think about it because there ' s a game on the line that you ' ve got to win .                                   
" I am sorry that it has taken such a viral turn , but it was just a statement of how it was ," she said .                                           
" I got up in the morning ... the shoulder was like , I couldn ' t even move the thing ," Bryant said .                                               
I have to go out there with nothing to lose and play the tennis I ' ve been playing in the last month .                                                 
The message , to be effective , to these desperate people can only be that if you arrive illegally by boat you will never under any circumstances be granted asylum in Australia .                               
You don ' t want to go in thinking about things and thinking about what we can do better or do different , so the confidence is high .                                       
It is set in Victorian scientific society , where even women were not meant to speak out , let alone young girls .                                                   
The school system has grown by more than 18 , 000 students since 2008 , with an increasing number who live at or near the poverty level .                                         
Police will not comment on the woman ' s claim other than to say the man in question had been fully investigated .                                                   
The stadium , scheduled to open for the 2019 season , is expected to be the most expensive in U . S . history .                                               
We talked about that but he would love to be with us for the rest of the season and he has made progress .                                                 
The two have since made up , and in the interview , even joke about hosting next year ' s competition together - with Miss Colombia reading the card , of course .                               
" To be honest , it was all those people who said I would never come back and never be the same player as before ," he said .                                       
Daily temperatures in Sydney are likely to remain at least a couple of degrees above average for the rest of February and into March .                                               
We were always concerned that this would have been the first time in 32 years without a Democratic debate before the New Hampshire primary .                                               
That ' s $ 150 , 000 for the whole squad to share among themselves , not just cash for a handful of better - known players .                                         
" When I am president we are going to bring it under control once and for all after 30 years of talking about it ," he said .                                         
" We will not wait for [ an ] outrage to take place and then take action ," he said .                                                       
Two refugees from Iraq with alleged ties to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ( ISIS ) are due in court Friday to face federal charges of supporting terrorism .                                   
28 broadcast , according to two people close to the award show who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters .                                                     
It was actually a writer friend and editor who put it to me that way - how do you tell a story over time - in time in space ?                                     
To sit right there and talk about the opportunity we have here in two weeks -- I ' m just so proud of him .                                               
" I am feeling safer now , as there is security outside the campus ," she said by telephone from inside the campus .                                                 
I ' m delighted that this study to help find ways to grow food in extreme conditions is getting thousands of young people involved in studying plants and science .                                     
With this latest death , officials expanded the largest auto safety recall in history , adding 5 million more vehicles .                                                       
2 ) The letter sets out your view ( as you said publicly last week ) on the contract and industrial action .                                                   
While the U . S . Supreme Court has never ruled on the issue , Republican primary voters have an opinion : 76 percent feel Cruz is eligible to be president of the United States .                         
If you know what you ' re doing , you can do the work yourself and keep costs down ," he said .                                                   
But the longer it went on without them getting another , the more we began to believe we had a chance .                                                     
ISIS is developing driver - free cars in a bid to carry out spectacular attacks against the West , it has emerged .                                                   
And she talks about how , for a long time before her discovery , she didn ' t believe in fate , only in chance .                                             
The European Union criticized the speed at which the referendum vote was held , saying it did not give enough time for the public to consider the arguments .                                       
" You just want to get back out there and put it right and I have not got that chance in the next few weeks ," Wood , 29 , said .                                 
Another 10 to 15 people who were confirmed to have been at the party will be questioned by law enforcement in the near future , he said .                                         
Clinton ' s campaign had multiple cameras here and plan to turn part of the speech into an ad , according to aides .                                                 
We accept that the NHS in Wales has challenges ahead - just like every healthcare system in Europe - and we are up for meeting that challenge .                                         
" That ' s what we ' re going to talk about tomorrow and before the match ," she said .                                                       
The panel said Miss Young ' s misconduct represented a " significant and serious departure " from the standards expected of her as a registered nurse .                                           
Well mate I ' m coming to a close , it would be nice to hear from you , even better if I could see you .                                           
We ' re seeing renewable energy picking up and taking larger share of total power use in China , and then it ' s actually already eating up the market space of coal .                             
I love that place , I think it ' s a great setting , and to be on grass as well , I think it ' s really special .                                     
With the right basketball management and coach in place , we are going to create a winning culture and identity and give Brooklyn a team that it can be proud of and enjoy watching .                           
As of last Friday Austria is allowing no more than 80 people a day to apply for asylum at its southern border points .                                                 
As many as 30 new gas - fired power stations are likely to be needed to make up the supply deficit , according to the report , but these are not being built .                             
A verdict is expected today in what ' s believed to be the first case of criminal harassment involving Twitter in Canada .                                                   
While it takes into account issues such as family ties and health , the main rule is clear : the first country of entry is , in general , supposed to deal with the claim .                         
So I ' m looking forward to the event we should have a great crowd and it ' ll help my campaign a lot .                                               
We had to test him to know he is available and on his fitness tests he is as good as the rest of the players .                                             
If they knew I had type 2 diabetes then they may think I ' m not a person in control of myself .                                                   
I think what we do as leaders , as we say who we are , what we believe , and where we want to lead , and let the people decide ," he said .                           
