David Cameron was explaining why working - class children don ' t always do as well in life as middle - class children .                                                 
So , Celtic scored , on average , a goal every six - and - a - half minutes over a period of time in this match .                                         
" I ' m so excited to be in Melbourne with James for New Year ' s Eve ," she said .                                                     
I ' ve always been fairly confident in my own ability to do something , ever since I was young .                                                       
Police in India have arrested a woman for beating her mother - in - the law after CCTV footage of the assault went viral .                                               
There ' s potential for a major winter storm beginning on Friday and continuing into Saturday , dropping anywhere from 6 inches to more than a foot in the D . C . area , CBS D . C . reports .             
Those detained were taken to federal immigrant family detention centers , including a large center about 70 miles south of San Antonio .                                                   
" This nuclear test by North Korea is a major threat to our country ' s security , and I absolutely cannot accept it ," he told reporters in Tokyo .                                   
U . S . Army veteran Allen Thomas has been searching for his twin children for nearly half a century , and finally , his search is over .                                       
Brady threw the ball 42 times in the regular season loss in Denver and 42 times in last Saturday ' s win over Kansas City .                                             
Do I think we ' d get 10 , 000 people per day at a five - day game over three matches ?                                                   
The dad walked into two local corner stores looking for help - but was too drunk for anyone to understand him , witnesses said .                                               
There is always a public interest test and I would doubt the public would feel that his prosecution has been in their interest .                                                 
These products can pose a very serious danger to your health ; you do not know what is in them or what their affects might be .                                           
I had a chance to talk to Eddie ( on Monday ), and that was pretty much the majority of our whole conversation .                                                 
But holding the lead in the second half , the Kansas City offense needed to run clock and they did that by moving the ball on the ground .                                       
Mrs Stephen , who has daughters living in London , suffered a stroke shortly before moving to the holiday village .                                                       
It would not be the first time that the Trust has had to look into the BBC ' s payments to Miss Abbott .                                                 
New data shows there were 77 incidents involving mainstream primary school teaching staff in 2014 - 15 - up from 73 the year before and 34 in 2011 - 12 .                                   
I don ' t think we need to get up and do a dance about [ the result ], that ' s for sure , but it will give him belief he can beat anyone now .                       
For the vast majority of men I ' ve worked with it ' s made absolutely no difference that I ' m a women .                                               
We ' ve been in contact with the guest in this situation and will continue to do everything we can to offer our support .                                               
Wales were knocked out of the World Cup by two - time champions South Africa in the quarter - final despite leading with 10 minutes remaining .                                           
When they arrived at the camp , the found 7 , 000 people sick and dying while many others were sent out on a death march .                                           
To the girls ' credit , we played some pretty good stuff for four quarters and in those circumstances , that ' s all you can ask for .                                       
From there , an experienced officer - perhaps a retired executive - cuts the applications to about 200 or 300 .                                                       
We had a lot of possession , we had bad luck in a few situations , but that ' s not what I want to see to be honest .                                     
It should have been in the governor ' s budget this year but since it wasn ' t , we ' re going to move forward and suggest that it be taken care of immediately .                         
I wanted to win the title , but I didn ' t feel , if this doesn ' t happen the world is going to end .                                           
Andy was just too good at the time , and I think Bernie has to take some chances and step up and executive his plan and serve well and play big .                                 
Mr . Taylor , for his part , said : " This is an international organization , and many parts of the country don ' t even know what it is .                                   
" A lot of people are considered celebrities today when they have only experienced popularity for one or two years , but he was exposed to the public for about 46 years , and so his talent was very very clear , very impressive ," Smith said . 
But Trump insisted on continuing with his own competing event , where he said more than $ 5 million had already been raised for his personal foundation , all of which will benefit veterans groups .                         
If you find it unlikely that a picture of a sleeping politician could change the course of a major election , you aren ' t alone .                                           
People who watched men and women negotiating with the same words in a 2005 study rated the men as strong and the women as too demanding .                                           
" The way that I know when I ' m done is when , with any category , I ' ve discovered all of the interesting things ," he said .                                   
" He ' s going to get me a better job ," says the guy who checks me in at the door .                                                   
If you look at our relations with the European Union , we have a £ 50 billion - plus trade deficit with the European Union - we buy much more from them than they buy from us .                     
" What I want to see in education is not a focus on throwing money at the problem ," he said .                                                     
Our thoughts are very much with the student , his family and friends and we are doing everything possible to support everyone involved .                                                 
And because nobody else was ever doing my songs , I felt -- you know , I had to go out and do them .                                               
He has called for a ban on Muslims entering the US and he ' s vowed to put up a wall on the Mexican border .                                             
I ' m not necessarily more interested [ in doing it now than when he was playing ], you just get more time .                                                 
At first I got a few donations , but after my story spread a lot of people contacted me to help .                                                     
There are fewer good jobs available in poor countries , and in the absence of a welfare state few people can afford to do nothing .                                             
" Not least , because I would get to control my time a bit more and see my children ," he says .                                                   
About 80 per cent of homeless people have a mobile phone and 75 per cent have a smart phone , according to the latest data from service providers and University of Sydney research .                             
I don ' t think that ' s a good title to be running for president of the United States .                                                       
They ' re not war refugees but more like grown street children who move with the flow of refugees across Europe .                                                     
" Next month , I ' ll travel to Cuba to advance our progress and efforts that can improve the lives of the Cuban people ," Obama posted on Twitter .                                   
In the final three months of last year it reported a 3 . 7 percent fall in revenue per seat .                                                       
I visited my mother at the weekend , not having heard from Edward , and as it happens Alex lives not far away .                                                 
The officials added that they are willing to provide emails outside the committee ' s initial request , but warned that doing so would require more time .                                         
You want to play in every game but obviously having missed semi - finals and finals over recent years it ' s a game I ' m desperate to play in .                                 
It plans to have 300 employees a year from now , 200 of them based in downtown L . A .                                                       
He did not take on Trump directly , but noted that he is coming under increasing fire from the other Republicans as his poll numbers rise .                                           
When you play for Leicester there ' s a lot of pressure to perform and to achieve , and while we were keeping ourselves in the hunt for titles , we kept falling short by not delivering on those last crucial half per cents .       
Apple also reported $ 75 . 9 billion in revenue , less than the $ 76 . 67 billion that analysts had expected .                                                 
Over five years , the number of hospital trips for those over the age of 75 has risen by 65 per cent , while latest bed blocking levels are among the highest on record .                           
He ' s a great example of if you think you can play , hang in there and keep battling and there ' s always an opportunity .                                         
I think the only way that my mind has been changed is that maybe until nobody has guns everybody has to have them .                                                 
" I didn ' t expect my term in office to go like this , this isn ' t how I pictured it ," she said .                                           
It was about quarter to seven in the evening and my daughter called me and said he had been involved in a hit - and - run .                                         
A gay man has a child with his best friend , and the two decide to live together as a family until she falls in love with another man .                                     
Still , investigations can take sudden turns , and as long as this one continues , its outcome will remain a big question mark over the 2016 race .                                       
I met children as young as five who had been sexually assaulted by their own parents - paid to do so by sex offenders in Europe .                                           
We really think there ' s a gap in the market for this in Glasgow and wanted to provide somewhere that offers something a bit different from most bars in the city centre .                             
The 29 - year - old designer said : " My original reaction was to be scared for a second as he ' d run past me .                                           
There is no one single recommended procedure , and the specialist will make a decision based on the individual circumstances .                                                       
" Newcastle is a fantastic club with great fans , a great stadium and great tradition ," he told the club ' s website .                                               
The passport would not have allowed her into the UK and she left John behind to make his way to Britain .                                                     
If the rate was fixed at more than 20 per cent , it would provide a boost to basic - rate taxpayers , who would get more than they do today .                                 
They ' ve got to kick the goals , that ' s their job , we expect them to kick them , not all the time , but certainly kick some of the ones they ' ve missed the last couple of weeks .         
But we must continue to track poverty itself , to understand the impact of economic change and to be able to hold government to account over the effect of policy change on children ' s material circumstances .                     
This means that , sometimes years later , more can be done with existing DNA evidence than could be done at the time of trial .                                             
He said he posted the images on Facebook and within hours he had messages and the post was viewed 5 , 000 times .                                                 
I felt like I was in the warm embrace of the NHS - if only everybody could have this level of care .                                                   
It must have been taken while we were there , but it was the first time I ' d seen it .                                                     
" Most of these guys I write to , all they want is to reach out and have a human hand ," he said .                                               
" It sounds crazy in a way but I am actually doing something out there in the world just by doing what I do , because there are so few women doing this ," she says .                       
Boeing said it expects global passenger traffic to rise 6 to 7 percent a year over the long term , above the 5 percent historical average .                                           
One can expect the economy to be at the heart of much of what we see and hear in the coming months .                                                   
We pulled over and he told me that he loved me no matter what , and that he was going to be there for me .                                             
The Scottish government says this reduction is the result of real - term cuts imposed on the Scottish budget by the UK government .                                                 
If the British government is aware that other countries do not recognise same - sex marriage they should try to defend what their law says .                                             
But it also showed the desperate attempts that some parents will go to when facing the loss of a young child .                                                     
It was in keeping with the nature of Rangers ' performance that their goal came from a moment of luck .                                                       
The New York Times has a look at the new research into what it takes to get you to pay up at tax time .                                               
He said : ' I had applied for leave to remain in the correct way and had heard absolutely nothing from the Home Office .                                                 
When you add in the fact there is going to be a brand new England team , motivated by having a new coach , well Scotland are going to have to play extremely well to achieve victory .                     
He said he had taken pre - law classes and knew what police could and couldn ' t do to him .                                                     
" The Olympic games will take place during the Brazilian winter so at that time we will have different climate conditions than there are now , when we are in the middle of the Brazilian summer ," he said .                 
We feel that the market will begin to come into balance in 2016 and that demand for energy in all forms will continue to increase .                                             
Davies had an opportunity to put the hosts in front three minutes later but pulled his drop - goal wide .                                                       
They make a bigger commitment of giving up their day in the summer to go vote for you at an event .                                                     
The concept that some doors won ' t - or shouldn ' t - swing open with a few million pounds was a new one , but he got it eventually .                                 
Democrats Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are neck and neck in both Iowa and New Hampshire , a new poll has found .                                                   
Those talks - involving the U . S ., North Korea , China , Japan , South Korea and Russia - broke down in 2009 after six years , not long after Obama took office .                         
And as far as we know , that was the start of the remote work - force housing industry ... and the business took off from there .                                         
Federal officials say an investigation in California into a refugee charged with attempting to support terrorist organizations led to the arrest of three of his relatives in Wisconsin in a separate case .                               
It is expected that judges in the state will follow the panel ' s advice and that the impact will reach far beyond Texas borders .                                             
So these things are linked , and the real question for us is at what stage is this kicking in ?                                                       
As a result , the award of the grant represents a strong endorsement of the potential of this emerging advanced therapy platform and will enable us to rapidly progress its development towards initial clinical application .                         
After last night ' s performance , his supporters have at least some reason to hope that all is not lost .                                                     
His 14 - foot pull - up from the right side broke a 90 - 90 tie with 2 . 1 seconds left .                                                 
It may be that Obama ' s life insurance policy , if a president can get such a thing , requires him to wear it .                                             
But [ I ' m ] just trying to get him to play the correct way and he has been doing that the last 10 - 15 games .                                       
" I am not going to do that ," said Anderson , a Republican who represents the county where Houston is located .                                                   
And we had less than a day to do it ... And on top of that , we got great coverage .                                                     
The row has also triggered a wider row about free speech in universities and whether students need to be protected from offence .                                                   
He is expected to hold a cabinet meeting as soon as possible after the deal has been secured , to set a date for the vote .                                           
The winning numbers for last Saturday ' s draw were 12 , 25 , 29 , 40 , 48 , 56 and the bonus ball was 52 .                                         
Even after I found my first job , it felt like I was asked about what university I went to or what degree I ' d studied on a daily basis .                                 
Three quarters of all injuries that required emergency treatment were linked to four sports : football , soccer , baseball and basketball - although the proportion tied to baseball and basketball dropped over the study period .                       
After Saudi Arabia cut diplomatic ties , it was reported that the nation also will cut all commercial ties with Iran , put a stop to air traffic between the two nations , and ban its citizens from traveling to Iran .             
Spurs have been held to a point in nine games this season , a Premier League high , with four of those coming after they have taken the lead .                                     
The feature is open to people who identify as " seeing someone ," " married " or " in an open relationship " and are looking for others to join their relationship .                                 
At this point all I want to know is what happened to them ; to have their bodies back just to see them one last time .                                           
Speaking at a Syria conference in London , Turkish officials claimed that up to 70 , 000 refugees from Aleppo were moving towards their country .                                             
Lord Turnbull jailed him for three years and nine months for the incident involving the gun and a further four months and 15 days for the offence against the other woman .                                 
He obviously wasn ' t killed by the dog or whatever animal it was but he was pretty badly injured .                                                       
The victim had recently returned from spending Christmas with one of her sons in England and was said to have led an active life , with lots of friends .                                     
After many years of robust growth , signs that it has started to slow have sent stocks there down 20 percent .                                                     
The question is whether the introduction of another target is what the system needs when there is already a mass of information out there .                                               
" No matter where in the world , no matter what industry , no matter the size of the company - trust is the foundation for creating a great workplace culture ," she says .                           
As President , I will build on President Obama ' s progress by taking further executive actions to reform our gun laws .                                                   
" But I fell onto my back , by the time I got back up and got more water , it was too late and we had to get out ," he said .                             
It warned the world ' s second - largest economy would see growth of only 6 . 3 percent in 2016 .                                                     
One of those areas that I talked about at the speech , part of the proposal is developing smart gun technology .                                                     
The latest federal jobs report showed their average weekly earnings have risen 2 . 7 percent annually since 2009 - much faster than the national average for non - management employees .                                 
This may be a particularly striking example , but the sad truth is that this doesn ' t actually tell us anything unique about India .                                             
I wrote back and I said I would love to help you in this situation , but I don ' t know what you ' re talking about .                                       
[ But ] in the 35 years I ' ve spent in football I have had to come through this situation before .                                                   
He said : " We can do so much better in telling the stories of Scotland to Scottish audiences , but also from that to the whole of the UK and to the world .                             
" It ' ll be good for the three of them , to go into camp with a few high profile players ," Stuart said .                                             
Some were told to register with a new practice an hour ' s drive away , meaning they had to make a 60 - mile round trip to see their family doctor .                               
You don ' t know anything what I said to him , just because I was speaking loud , I ' m not sitting here talking about his mom or things like that .                             
However , the Labour Party , the junior coalition partner , looks to suffered badly and have only returned six seats so far after winning 37 in 2011 .                                       
And by the looks of it , working and being a mom has taken its toll on the young actress .                                                       
He acknowledged the intense focus on the 2016 campaign , adding , " the other side may have some stuff to work out .                                                   
I ' ve got a good squad , but if there ' s someone out there that can give us a lift then we have the finances there to do it .                                 
That attack in contrast appears to have been carried out by a married couple who were inspired by the Islamic State but had never fought with the group .                                       
And this pattern is being repeated in countries where the political landscape is quite different from that in the US , like Sweden , Germany and the UK .                                       
I ' m not sure if I ' ll do Taylor songs or not because I ' m sort of scared of the harsh comparison between us ,' she said .                                   
No matter if you have a hand in his face or you ' re playing great defense , he ' s going to find a way to get his shot off .                                 
That ' s why I ' m so lucky to be in a job where I make it up as I go along .                                                 
Most particularly it is a tragedy for the two now young women who were young girls at the time that they were sexually abused by you .                                           
That doesn ' t mean you ' ll be able to get the best seats in the house for half price , mind you - if all the premium seats are gone , you ' ll still have to pay through the nose .         
It has now gotten to the point where her best chance of survival is to fly home on life support , have the operation here and attempt to recover at home .                                 
We have had a pretty good season to date and in Europe we are going well and we want to add another win at the weekend because we are determined to make our mark in the Champions Cup this term .               
Researchers concluded doctors were less likely to die in a hospital compared with the general population - 28 per cent versus 32 per cent .                                               
More facts like that need to be sought out instead of just trying to find someone or something to blame for it .                                                   
She added : ' Jessica ' s got a right to play a part in all of this because if she didn ' t like any of the men I probably wouldn ' t give them a go .                     
There are plenty of flights , too - from as little at £ 80 return if you pick your times carefully .                                                     
And her primary strategy also banks on winning part of the Democratic base , especially African - American voters , that she lost in 2008 .                                             
We ' re hoping to understand what ' s going on , why this six - year - old is being treated like a suspected terrorist .                                           
The result is that Saudi Arabia ' s currency has gone up against almost every other one at the same time that Saudi Arabia ' s economy needs it to go down .                               
Even some of the current show ' s six million fans have expressed concern that the series is too short at just six one - hour episodes .                                         
Apple , meanwhile , has taken advantage of accounting rules that could allow it to pay virtually no tax in Australia on its profits in 2016 .                                           
Both boys for me , it ' s just ( about ) their welfare , to make sure they ' re OK .                                                   
Police have been concerned with drug drivers over the holiday period with almost every fourth drug driving test coming back positive on day six of the Christmas holiday period .                                     
It came less than three months after I had started and so for the first year here I only played for maybe two months .                                               
Clinton supporter Morgan Smith , a 25 - year - old graduate student who is from Minnesota but will vote in Iowa this year , said she wasn ' t nervous about Sanders ' rise .                         
" The circumstances are the way they are , I ' m playing there at the moment and things are going well ," Bridge said .                                             
In another scene , she said : ' He ' s giving mixed messages and I think we need to explore another way .                                                   
Her commitment was to the art - and if the art came under question , she ' d never let that stand .                                                   
This is investigating the so - called ' advice gap ', which leaves people with modest means out in the cold , and other barriers that currently put people off seeking help from financial professionals .                         
If the Jews start leaving Germany for the same reason , that would be the end of the chancellor ' s government .                                                   
Why doesn ' t anyone else think she might need to be let out into the garden or taken for a walk ?                                                   
Maybe that ' s the state of mind I was in - I was drinking far too much , I was not thinking about myself and my life and other people ' s .                             
There should be a programme for people , as soon as they arrive , where they can learn the language and culture , rather than being left on their own for a year or two .                         
I live for you now , I leave no sense behind , I feel complete , I ' ve got a feeling , I wish you ' re moving like rain , I ' ll be there .                     
I decided to do it the morning after my son - in - law told me to get help on the phone .                                                   
" When we finally realise that Muslims are here to stay , that they are native to the west , their version of Islam is native to the west , we will own that conversation on equal terms ," he said .             
Now , whatever your political views , most people would agree that our chancellor is one of the best readers of the game of politics .                                             
Our response officers have been sent to the locations to ensure there is no threat to anyone ' s safety and support the schools ," he said .                                         
But he ' s 73 now : I ' ve got two decades on him , and I ' ve challenged him to show me a few moves .                                       
He goes into the year with a new crew chief - his third change since he won the title in 2011 - and hopes to find some success on the track after three long years .                         
At the same time he ' s had more impact on more players in Australia than any other coach in the last 20 years .                                               
I ' ve just been the person to build the foundation and start the journey and put them on the right path , and then it ' s up to the collective body to ensure the work continues .                   
I imagine a lot of water will go under the bridge before we ' re likely to see any real competition .                                                     
I ' ve played against him a few times when he was at the Bulldogs and with New Zealand , and I ' m looking forward to being on his team this time around .                           
Cook offered only brief remarks about the FBI case , and most questions from shareholders concerned other aspects of Apple ' s business .                                                 
He ' s spent a lot of time and money and has 10 , 000 volunteers working on his behalf on the ground .                                                 
It ' s becoming a lot easier to shop , although Australia is still behind the UK and US when it comes to the percentage of shopping done online .                                     
Police said he shot and wounded two men inside and stabbed their father in the face before shooting himself in the head .                                                   
In addition , there had been a surge in attacks by the Afghan security services on their American allies ; so - called green - on - blue shootings had become a crisis .                             
Greater Manchester Police said on Monday that officers had arrested three men aged 26 , 24 , and 19 , a woman aged 28 and a boy aged 16 on suspicion of murder .                             
" There is much law right now , and a lot of constitutional lawyers are coming out ," the billionaire said .                                                     
The two teams are not afraid to invest in youth and to give players the opportunities they wouldn ' t get in other Premier League teams .                                           
She ' s free on $ 50 , 000 bail but faces over 20 years in prison , according to police .                                                     
But Saudi Arabia does not appear on either list despite having one of the worst human rights records in the Middle East .                                                   
I see that also in the training sessions but you have to show it also at a certain time for 90 minutes and that ' s why football is so amazing because you never know .                         
Wales ' status as a maker of parts for car assembly plants beyond its borders is about to change - and with style .                                                 
This means that after the week ' s notice , residents have to start paying the higher price , which could cost them an average of £ 52 extra a month .                                 
We need to spend money on things we actually need - and think of schools and hospitals , not just roads .                                                     
The thinking is that people who book flights that close really need to go and they - or more often their company - are going to pay the premium .                                     
The reason is simple -- he ' s running for president , and so am I . And I ' m running for president so the votes we take in the Senate matter again .                           
A taxi would have cost $ 500 , so instead she paid one of the client ' s friends to do the driving .                                                 
This may sound like common sense , but a 15 - year - old boy caused chaos recently when he entered a Canadian airport with a bomb - shaped alarm clock in his carry - on bag .                     
If that ' s what they want me to do , I ' m not going to do it because I ' ve got so much to give to the game .                                 
The men first attempted to get into the car of another woman , but she locked herself inside her vehicle .                                                       
It ' s an event or it is a phenomenon worldwide which is not just a UK issue , it ' s a worldwide issue ," Lord Rose told BBC Radio 4 " s Today programme .                       
She had already made her decision , so obviously seeing her on the entry list this morning was great for us .                                                     
He has since sought to maintain a relatively low profile in the UK , having also resigned from the board of his father ' s British newspapers .                                         
The bank cited low levels of client activity in the fourth quarter as investors pulled billions out of its wealth management arm .                                                   
For Trump , 56 % of Republican voters say he would make a good or great president , while 22 % say he would be poor or terrible and 18 % say he would be just an average president .                 
" It ' s good to I guess test yourself physically with a couple of long matches back - to - back ," she said .                                             
That potentially would be the most in one winter since 2008 , and it represents more than 18 percent of the current population of about 4 , 900 animals .                                     
If they don ' t solve that problem , we should be very tough on them on trade -- meaning , start charging them tax or start cutting them off .                                   
When I saw the car I just thought it could be a stolen family car being used in a robbery and it ' s just not right .                                         
This is seen in the early stages of Alzheimer ' s but is highly unusual in such a relatively young age group .                                                   
It gained million of views in just hours after he posted it yesterday , and led others who have struggled with addiction to share their own experiences .                                         
The United States and Russia agreed Monday on a new cease - fire for Syria that will take effect on Saturday , U . S . officials said .                                       
He said : " With so many new treatments being developed patients increasingly want to know how they can access these innovative drugs .                                                   
The proposed changes in voting arrangements for the Senate , which Malcolm Turnbull is pushing through Parliament with as little scrutiny as possible , are a case in point .                                     
" Without ( doing ) the survey or something , we can ' t say the number exactly ," he said .                                                     
But before you do , see if the carrier you want to switch to offers to pay out the rest of your debt .                                                 
And his opponent will smile , turn to the audience , hold his or her hands wide , and say " there you have it .                                             
Glasgow scored the first try of the match just after the half hour , using their big men to good effect .                                                     
The Air Force denied an AP request for the accident investigation report in 2015 under the Freedom of Information Act .                                                       
Any one of these options could potentially be a devastating blow for middle - class workers who are struggling to save .                                                     
I will mostly be focusing on Europe today , but I will covering other breaking political news as it happens , as well as bringing you the best reaction , comment and analysis from the web .                       
It ' s not just how do we stay calm ... but [ how are we ] taking personal responsibility for how we let this happen .                                           
The plan would need to be in place by spring , before the next surge in numbers is expected , he says .                                                   
The test was aimed not at external forces , but at showing Kim ' s citizens that he is in full command at an important moment .                                           
He did a great job in the movie , but at the same time , what does that say about how people are selected for these awards ?                                         
" I just think once you win one , you win two , next thing you know , you start paying attention to the things that got you to that point ," Williams said .                           
However , the former prime minister will say that the pro - Europe vote in Scotland in the referendum - due before the end of 2017 - will be " much better " if a case can be made that EU membership supports Scottish jobs and business . 
But then there was absolutely nothing else to do , and I thought while I ' m here , it was really worth trying to spot a bit of the old town .                               
It is seeking its third rescue in less than four years , after a bank - led plan in May failed to turn it around .                                             
He said a fourth person may possibly have been killed and that police believe four adults were in the plane .                                                       
Last three - meetings ... Tottenham 2 Leicester 2 FA Cup third round , January 2016 Leicester 1 Tottenham 1 , Premier League , August 2015 Tottenham 4 Leicester 3 , Premier League , March 2015 .                       
According to initial plans , other national guard units could receive more training and better weapons and so be capable of fighting on the front line with regular troops .                                     
The right side of the Broncos line has been a trouble spot in recent weeks , in terms of push for the rushing attack and pass protection .                                         
Samsung also says its new phones will have a faster focus , which it says will improve performance at low light .                                                     
Those who have used cannabis at some point in their life have a 40 per cent increased risk compared with non - users .                                                 
Secretary of State John Kerry said Thursday that it ' s likely that some of the billions of dollars in sanctions relief will end up in the hands of terrorists .                                   
I think I ' ve been able to stay with that and not be something other than the common man .                                                       
" There used to be a premium for working at a big company , even in a lower level job ," he said .                                                 
The Prime Minister is having to keep open the possibility , however remote , that he might back a Leave vote should Europe not give him what he wants .                                     
My job involves understanding people , and taking a genuine interest in a way that maybe only their partner or best friend does .                                                 
Today ' s victory was for that community , and a quick recovery and all of Canada , and I ' m sure the world is behind you .                                       
The 84 - seat bus caught fire early Tuesday as it traveled down an urban street to a railway station .                                                       
Whether I ' ll go on to have the best year of my career , I have no idea but I ' m going to try to , that ' s for sure .                             
I am determined that , for the SNP , education will be front and centre of our plans for a third term in government .                                               
" We don ' t know why he has started talking now ," said one source close to the inquiry .                                                       
Police are looking into a fire at the home of the former South Carolina police officer accused in the shooting death of a black man last April .                                         
She taught at Our Lady and St Anne ' s , eventually becoming a head teacher , and St Paul ' s and then became head teacher of Our Lady and St Anne ' s .                         
One of the most difficult services to claim is healthcare , which is so vital to the women who live in a world of bought - and - sold sex , drugs and violence .                           
Tim Cook has said he will fight any order to make such an operating system , claiming it would be ' too dangerous to create ' and would leave Apple customers vulnerable to hacking .                           
It was immediately clear that the event threw into chaos negotiations for a peaceful end to the Saudi - led war in Yemen .                                                 
So the reason to work towards equality - if you ' re a woman or a man - is because it ' s going to help you .                                         
He thinks the public has a right to know exactly who is paying whom and how much , and that the information should be available to the public on the commission website .                               
Rather than returning to football , he ' d be better taking some time out , perhaps a trip away with the family - not his son though .                                       
Best moment : Paul finally had the opportunity to talk about criminal justice reform , an issue near to his heart .                                                     
As I ' ve said in previous weeks , 80 - 90 per cent has been really good and today 90 - 95 per cent was really good .                                       
" Women ' s decisions around pregnancy , including the decision to end a pregnancy , need to be respected , not condemned ," it said .                                           
" ( It ' s ) coaching day to day to help develop ideas into companies that can scale across the region and world ," he said .                                           
And unless you have a big amount of capital of your own to open a business , there is no help available .                                                   
We ' ve seen the North Korea nuclear test - now is not the time to start thinking about a world in which we wouldn ' t have this basic insurance policy .                               
We will never accept anything arrived at in secret and based on the evidence not tested in an open court of law .                                                   
By targeting those at risk and providing sustained health care , we could prevent more than 90 per cent of new infections each year .                                               
The review of the code is an event which happens once a parliament but this is the first time that the code and guide to the rules have been reviewed together .                                 
It is the largest number for any EU country , in relation to its population and has put a huge strain on services .                                                 
The company has been charged with failing to ensure the health , safety and welfare at work of employees by failing to ensure a safe system of work with vehicles .                                   
A women of that size costs more to look after in pregnancy as it at a higher risk of C - section .                                                   
This is a major challenge when faced with EU citizens who have gone to Syria and may now be returning - in some cases to carry out violence .                                       
It is each of us who can save lives , it is each of us who can protect ourselves and others from death and serious injury as we share the road .                                 
She said : " Until November we knew nothing , this has caught us by surprise and we ' re trying to learn as fast as we can .                                         
The ambulance service confirmed that the man suffered a serious arm injury and was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital .                                                       
The fire began at about 9 . 30pm , and is said to have taken hold of the outside of the building within minutes .                                               
Merkel is directly involved in negotiating with Turkey to secure its external border while also providing decent reception conditions for asylum - seekers .                                                 
He has suffered a lot , him and others , after all he is a child and he will not be able to stand more than what he has already stood .                                 
If there is a frustration , then it is with the race to make up lost time that he finds himself facing .                                                   
If the price of oil returns to a range between $ 50 and $ 60 , this will bring back a lot of production .                                               
And we think only a small portion should go to our kids , so that they can have their own careers and make their own way .                                           
It ' s an opportunity for players and coaches to exchange different ideas , which is so important , particularly at this stage in the side ' s development .                                     
She broke down and admitted to me that he ' d hit her so hard in the past that she had fallen on the floor .                                             
Still , opening up all U . S . combat roles to women is a less controversial issue than how to handle the applications of those seeking asylum from Syria and Iraq .                               
The spots explain that people are often not able to get out of the way in time and the best way to stay safe is to stay off the tracks , as it ' s not just illegal and dangerous , but deadly .         
Do not listen to anyone who says you have to vote a certain way or for a certain candidate because you ' re a woman ," she said .                                       
It was on target , which didn ' t surprise me and we obviously hoped he ' d be celebrating a goal .                                                   
As an athlete , was it hard to not want to push yourself a little bit more than you should ?                                                       
Meanwhile , the share of Americans in poverty dropped during the Clinton years , from 15 . 1 % in 1993 to 11 . 3 % in 2000 .                                       
It was just a massive mix up and I guess it ' s just part of some of the challenges you face .                                                   
I was so scared because I knew I wasn ' t going to be an actor at that point if I wasn ' t going to get to play different types of roles , I ' d just find something else to do .         
I sit here and reflect on some of the meetings he and I had throughout the course of these last 10 weeks and some of the conversations we had .                                     
We offer friendly assistance to meet your individual needs be it dining , culture , entertainment , fashion , theater , shopping , or sports .                                             
Prime Minister David Cameron pleaded with doctors on Monday to call off the action , and Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt urged union members to return to the negotiating table for new talks with the government .                         
Instead , they will probably be paying closer attention to the company ' s forecast for sales in the next quarter -- which many analysts think could show the first - ever drop in iPhone sales since the smartphone was introduced in 2007 .         
One woman told me she has used six online providers connected with her son ' s school in the past month .                                                     
" If I keep going , I ' ll get gold status before March when my policy gets renewed , which will mean my premium won ' t increase ," he says .                               
He has worked with our performance programme in the past and has proved a popular and valuable addition and I ' ve no doubt this group of players will also gain a lot from his involvement .                       
What everybody has said to me in the places I have visited up and down the country is that something has changed and that they have never seen anything like this and we need to think about what that means .               
" We had a friend in Scotland who had come over who told us you could live well and there was plenty of work ," she added .                                         
It doesn ' t have to be severe exercise , a walk is fine , and doing it before a meal gives as much benefit as doing it afterwards .                                     
" The only responsible and honest thing for the Conservative party - and for those in it - to do , is campaign for Britain ' s exit from the European Union ," according to the letter seen by the Daily Telegraph .           
Without some benefits in terms of either reduced crime or mass public shootings , it is hard to see how these rules pass any type of cost - benefit test .                                   
It ' s something that the club really set out to do this year , to draw a line in the sand and move forward .                                             
The FA Cup is a big competition and we wanted to stay in it , but Wednesday is a big game and , obviously , we are both near the top of the table so it will be a few - points swing if we win .   
It ' s so much better going into the second day with a lead , so it ' s great to get both wins today ," she said .                                       
Also if your real estate agent doesn ' t know his or her real estate editor at the local community newspaper , ask them why not .                                           
Because of their trauma , their quality of life is very poor , and some of their children live abroad because they can ' t stand to live alongside this trauma all their lives .                           
Then we ' ll talk about next steps for how we can all reach out in our communities to get more black women involved in this campaign .                                         
We believe the answers to our questions about what happened to this man lie in the community , particularly other members of the homeless community who may have been nearby at the time .                             
This will do us the world of good and we ' ll get a bit of fitness out of it too .                                                     
The government - which has funded the project out of its substantial gas revenues - is happy enough with the result so far , so will press ahead with an expansion .                                 
We ' re looking for a great result and that would kick us on for the games against Ireland and France .                                                     
The people that we love , at most , only write one or two episodes a season ," Perry added .                                                       
If you ' re ready to venture out yet on New Year ' s Day , there ' s a good chance you could make the journey to stock up at the local supermarket only to find it is shut .               
I watch a lot of sport and I played a lot of it , especially tennis , but I had to give it up because I had trouble with my knee .                                 
And that might be a good thing , because people can no longer get away with saying one thing while video shows something else .                                               
It ' s not about money for me , I think I passed most of my part of the company off to the kids years ago .                                           
We call out because bags have been left at the door , or clothes and shoes are still on the floor .                                                     
We did want to keep it a secret for a little while longer but the children have been so excited and sharing the news so we decided it was time to share it with you all .                       
In theory yes he can because he will be a free agent and for sure there are some clubs always interested in him .                                                 
They have also endorsed proposals drawn up by 350 top lawyers and former judges for Britain to take a fair share of refugees .                                                 
On Wednesday , the governor finally declared a state of emergency , and made it clear the gas company will be responsible for all costs from the environmental disaster .                                     
It ' s not his fault we ' ve given away four goals - it ' s the players that gave them away .                                                 
I can ' t worry about that though , my agent can deal with that and I ' ll just focus on football .                                                 
It is the third ( or fourth , depending on how you view it ) high - profile death to hit the rock world in the last few weeks .                                     
" No one really talks about it , but everyone sort of knows that it goes on ," she said .                                                       
" It said to have taken place over a considerable period of time - at least since May 2015 ," he said .                                                   
The number is down from a high of 62 percent who said in 2004 that they wanted to lose weight .                                                       
He ' s a guy who can talk about politics and policy in terms real people can understand and with a passion they can connect to .                                           
But only one in four women who have trouble sleeping tell their doctor , according to the poll , meaning the problem is likely to be much greater that is thought .                                 
It ' s not yet clear how long it will take to restore healthy water , and political trust , in Flint .                                                   
" I didn ' t come here to shoot , I came here to die ," one of the men told a reporter .                                                 
The kind of rain you maybe get for maybe 10 or 20 minutes in the Lake District and it stops ... it just didn ' t .                                           
She also accepted that she had cocaine in her system while at work on May 14 , 2014 and repeatedly using illegal drugs in her free time .                                         
We see how hard it is , in emotional terms , to challenge institutions that the reporters themselves may hold in high regard .                                                 
I can handle it now because I have the experience from the past and , if I get back to world No 1 again , then fair enough .                                       
Twitter has gained popularity among celebrities , sports stars and politicians , who can use the service to broadcast short messages to millions of people .                                             
But what I am selling is a long prison term to a client who has no genuine use for the product .                                                     
The measures require approval in Parliament , but Chancellor Angela Merkel ' s coalition holds a majority there and they are expected to pass easily .                                             
Those of us who believed the railway would be an immediate success [ with ] passengers have been proved right .                                                       
" They were minor incidents such as trees on roads ; some trees over cars and houses ," he said .                                                       
I ' m confident this support will continue throughout the course of this investigation and I urge anyone who has information that might assist with this ongoing effort to contact police .                                 
There are under two weeks for Premier League clubs to do the deals they think will help them achieve their goals .                                                     
Speaking to the BBC ' s The Sunday News programme , she said the government could do more to help them .                                                     
We will be cutting off all commercial relations with Iran and we will have a travel ban against people travelling to Iran .                                                   
But many of the next big things in sports tech are coming from companies you may not have heard of .                                                       
She described the film industry as " brutal ," adding : " No matter how tough you are , sometimes there ' s the feeling of not being wanted .                                       
And right now we don ' t need too much -- there ' s a lot of energy ," he said .                                                     
Because of these reasons , it is hard to know if the death rate among Americans 100 and up has truly been on the decline since 2008 .                                         
There ' s a chance of rain later in the evening , but the game should be over by then and one of these teams will be on their way to the Super Bowl .                           
In October , the magazine that helped launched the sexual revolution , announced that it will stop running photos of completely naked women in its U . S . print edition .                                 
Trump called for a " total and complete " ban on Muslims entering the United States , at least temporarily .                                                       
The White House wouldn ' t comment directly on the exact timing or content of Obama ' s executive orders .                                                       
The figures don ' t even count the Australian stadium leg - tomorrow ' s show in Brisbane is the last date of the band ' s entire world tour .                                   
After coming up with the idea of setting up a street market , they both realised that it would likely work in Brooklyn where it would not have been possible in Manhattan due to a lack of available - and affordable - land .         
It is special because it only comes around every four years , so you don ' t get many opportunities to be part of them .                                             
Such objects spend so much of their time so far away that only a few are visible during our lifetime .                                                       
So I think it ' s a big step forward and a victory for the government ," he said at the time .                                                   
One of the sources said Britain planned to send at least one of the four F - 35 jets it has already received to the air shows .                                         
Today we can see the different players with the opportunity to arrive and to create the space too for the possibility for them to train with us .                                         
I hope they will go some way to helping young women and mothers stop and think about the huge mistake they would be making if they travel .                                         
As far as the atmosphere is concerned , and being able to see the surface , you know , I would say definitely those areas that I mentioned look kind of sick .                               
" It ' s as disappointing as we thought it was at the time ," said the former Ireland outside - half .                                                   
A friend said : ' He was someone who you could always have fun with and all the time you were with him you knew it would be a laugh because he was so funny .                           
If you are easily frustrated at work , for instance , or want to create better relationships with colleagues , becoming aware of how you operate is the starting point for change .                               
The US Federal Reserve ' s rate - setting committee starts a two - day policy meeting on Tuesday and is not expected to make any change .                                         
Paul said in a statement that he will turn his full attention to his Senate re - election campaign in Kentucky .                                                     
But soon , the market should find out how much damage the oil shock is doing to the global economy and the financial markets .                                               
It ' s fairly regular , maybe once a month that you go and meet someone , or every two weeks maybe .                                                   
Mr Kerry , who spoke about the EU while at security conference in Munich , said Europe was facing a number of challenges including the UK ' s potential exit .                                   
Over the last few years - with him living in New York and me in London - our connection was by email .                                                   
He wasn ' t formally identified by government officials until Thursday , though his supporters had confirmed his death to the media .                                                   
The policy paper stated : " In the period following the referendum on Scottish independence , there has been detailed scrutiny of the news and current affairs coverage in Scotland .                                     
Some are even said to have called off holidays in places where no cases of the virus have been reported .                                                       
" I mean , that was so hard to not be in any of that , to enjoy that ," said Harris , who was hurt in the playoffs that year .                                 
If he is to stay in the tournament , Murray will have to be prepared for anything from the very first ball .                                                   
The food isn ' t quite the same as in Iraq , but it ' s a small taste of home .                                                     
There were 28 people who had all five of the white balls that were picked in Saturday night ' s historic drawing .                                                   
According to the committee ' s final report in the last parliament , there are 28 " countries of concern " with poor human rights records .                                           
Film footage allegedly showing Russian aircraft dropping bombs on a village in Aleppo province on Saturday - the first day of the ceasefire - has been posted by anti - government activists .                               
That was to replace all the foreign customers who disappeared during the financial crisis with even more infrastructure spending until Chinese customers were ready to take their place .                                       
On Sunday , a crowd gathered outside the Brisbane , Queensland hospital to show their support for the child , whose family is seeking asylum .                                             
The academy is a very good idea I think its market but that ' s that ' s a reaction to a lot of other things that are going .                                     
" There ' s a bit of smoke in the air because of the wind change , but it was a quiet night ," she said .                                           
He ' s doing rock , you do rock , and he probably came on the show thinking there was someone who was right for it .                                           
" It ' s brilliant because with working sometimes I don ' t get the chance to do it at home ," she said .                                               
Whether or not current or future investigations here result in charges , legal experts said they could play a crucial role in the Pennsylvania prosecution .                                             
It ' s just simply too early in the crisis to get a good handle on how bad the damage is .                                                     
It must also make interest payments on this debt , and as of August , 2015 , it expected to pay $ 70 . 5 - million in interest in 2016 alone .                               
And like any cat with Internet fame , he now has an Instagram that already reached 8 , 000 followers within 48 hours .                                                 
If anyone has any information which they think may assist me with this investigation , I would urge them to get in touch as soon as they can .                                       
But there ' s a big pocket of GOP voters in the town that the Bush team has been working hard for months .                                                 
The development was unprecedented since the Raiders and Rams left the country ' s second - largest market after the 1994 season .                                                   
It noted the " hours of hard work " to clear the spot , welcomed anyone to park in it during the day .                                                 
Sanders , of course , would first have to get past Hillary Clinton in the contest for the Democratic nomination before such a race could take shape .                                         
Boeing said it will cut output to half a plane a month in September , down from a target of one a month that it will reach in March .                                     
I don ' t imagine that many people would have seen his dying as a personal loss - indeed , many may not even have recognised his name .                                       
Some would even think $ 10 an hour is a decent amount because the cost of living and studying in Australia is high ," she said .                                           
" Five different managers in five seasons , how can new players coming in or existing players hired by the previous manager know what the game plan is ?" he said .                                 
These things happen not just in football but in life , and the best thing would be no corruption anywhere .                                                       
There are , of course , major differences between Iran and North Korea , not least of which is that Iran had only a potential nuclear weapons program , and had not yet developed nuclear weapons .                       
" Just because it ' s on television , it doesn ' t make it any different to any other workplace ," she says .                                               
When I was there , if I was dry [ struggling with writing ], I would just go hang out with some people .                                                 
A date at the movies will be an expensive night out in Australia , where it could cost more than £ 13 .                                                   
I ' ve been lucky to have had some great staff behind me for the last 11 months , keeping me fit .                                                   
There was some mystery as to which veterans ' groups would receive the money raised at the event , which included $ 1 million from Trump himself .                                         
Then , because we were here and we were living here , we went about our normal day - to - day routine to the best of our ability .                                     
The Chinese artist / activist has now closed his latest exhibition in Denmark to protest the country ' s new law allowing authorities to take valuable items from refugees seeking asylum .                                 
Instead of going to our common NBA cities and playing , we ' re going to another country , and we will take our families over there and they will experience something new that a lot of us haven ' t seen .           
The Home Secretary has said ' it is not business as usual ', but what she ' s done is effectively turned away to state - sponsored terrorism in the UK .                                 
Both of us will try to serve a high percentage of first serves and not allow the other player to attack the second serve too many times .                                         
But it doesn ' t make a whole lot of sense when our group had caught up and it had no effect on the round .                                             
In May 2013 , he failed a background check for an engineering job at a nuclear power plant in Ohio .                                                       
It was one of those projects that you start at a certain level , and it keeps getting bigger , but it was such a good thing , and she was so impressive , you can ' t stop , you ' ve got to finish it . 
Today even men aren ' t allowed to leave IS territory except under very special circumstances , such as seeking medical treatment .                                                   
That ' s an edge they would have over us , but we are going in ­ prepared to get it done .                                                   
In the eight inner - most districts of Central London there are now 38 buildings providing some 4 , 000 hotel - style apartments .                                               
The case study of one Australian woman who developed the disease when she was 60 years old follows a familiar pattern .                                                     
But experts have cast doubt on the claims , noting that most workers do not come to Britain for government benefits .                                                     
While Apple officially has five days since Tuesday ' s order to to respond , this motion is intended to increase pressure on the world ' s largest tech company .                                   
I don ' t know what the price would be but I think the actors would actually be open to it , I do .                                               
" We don ' t want this to affect the political transition in Syria and the move to get the opposition groups at the table " with President Bashar al - Assad ' s regime .                         
That ' s what I enjoy most , working out how to get around each child to get them comfortable in the water .                                                 
I guess it took scoring three goals in a World Cup final for people to start to know my name .                                                       
In the next round those things will still be important , but I ' m aware that there ' s going to be a lot of longer rallies and it ' s about being more solid and consistent from the back of the court .       
He crashed into her car , approached her and fired a dozen shots from his service weapon at his ex - wife , killing her , prosecutors said .                                       
I asked my husband Ian for personal training classes for Christmas , and I have to say it was hard , but I loved it .                                             
His absence may be due to the fact that Mrs Clinton has built a substantial lead in the Democratic primary , and is therefore saving her " secret weapon " for a moment when she is more in need of a boost .           
It would have been nice but from an airline ' s perspective , it ' s slightly dangerous to give birth on a plane and it ' s not this wonderful celebration .                               
The actress said she now understands how her mother struggled to protect her girls even when she herself was in pain .                                                     
Maybe in the past it has been enough to win a cap without winning and the results would certainly indicate that .                                                     
If successful , that may allow the vaccine to be used during a public health emergency , in October or November .                                                     
It just takes a couple of major clubs to get involved and it will lift the bar for all the teams here .                                                   
In most cases , a person buying a gun is required to have a federal background check completed , and in 2015 , the FBI conducted 23 . 1 million such checks .                               
It is a matter for each of them to consider , and their position - for once - might not be uniform .                                                   
Bell helped shape the party ' s 2011 election strategy and worked on the white paper on independence until leaving his post over two years ago .                                           
The Australian share market has been hit by the shock wave from falls of seven per cent and a halt in trading on Chinese markets .                                             
Apple has come under scrutiny in recent years for the scale of its manufacturing in China and the conditions faced by workers .                                                   
We made some mental mistakes , physical mistakes and allowed them to get all the way back and have a chance to make a three to tie the game up .                                   
" I want to just end by asking all of you to think hard about what you want from the next president and commander in chief ," she said .                                     
The genetic fault is extremely rare , there are only two other known cases in the UK , and so condition has yet to be given a name .                                       
I also don ' t think I ' d like to have that honour in my first Olympics as you are kind of the leader of the team .                                       
" I am not in a rush to set a [ wedding ] date ," the star told People in February .                                                     
The Wall Street Journal , which first reported on the talks , said a deal could be announced as early as Monday .                                                   
The source of the latest outbreak has not yet been identified , but wild birds are known to play a part in spreading the virus .                                             
The Democratic National Committee began the presidential election year almost $ 1 million in the hole - a bad situation that would have been even worse without the millions of dollars in fundraising that Clinton ' s campaign sent its way .             
The United Nations says 29 million people in southern Africa do not have a reliable food supply and 10 million in east Africa will need food aid this year .                                     
The end of the housing boom will affect the rest of the economy , but it won ' t be a crash landing , economists predict .                                           
We know he ' s in great form and he ' s one of the best to ever play the game so we know we ' ve got to play really well against him and put him under pressure , as we would with any ten .   
Many people displaced now nearly 50 years ago are still in refugee camps with little prospect of ever returning to their home villages .                                                 
" I ' m just there to support and care for him , but he ' s doing amazing ," she told reporters .                                                 
Paul ' s new house , built in 2006 , has about 10 , 400 square feet of living space - more than twice the size of an NBA court .                                   
" We believe that the public would benefit from a better overall understanding about the importance of healthy eating based on facts and scientific evidence ," it wrote .                                       
" To win a card was great and I ' m looking forward to the challenges ahead ," he added .                                                       
The new man has come in and like he did last time he has picked everyone up and you can see we have gone again .                                             
I didn ' t look pregnant , only bigger than I used to , and this wasn ' t as fun when you have a lot of people " watching " through social media .                           
While one degree might not mean very much to you basically on a daily cycle , it really gets noticed by the planet and the systems on the planet .                                     
Up to them - you can lead a horse to water ; you can ' t make it drink ," Kerry said .                                                   
In the third quarter of 2015 , he raised $ 5 . 7 million -- to Ted Cruz ' s $ 12 . 2 million , Bush ' s $ 13 . 3 million and Ben Carson ' s $ 20 . 8 million .       
" For the policy to be really effective at improving health , a much larger reduction in consumption is needed ," he said .                                                 
We shouldn ' t have to wait for a possible western - Russian alliance in , say , Syria to speak out .                                                   
What ' s important is that he ' s somebody that takes pride in his work , and wants to do his job well .                                               
A legacy of the command economy built during the long war against the French and Americans , they are everywhere , making cars and ships , milk and clothing .                                     
My pictures show the community , the cars and the nature , and I hope people will get a feel for what it ' s like to be there .                                     
The value of online sales fell 5 . 2 % compared with November , but were up 8 . 2 % from a year earlier .                                             
Those two candidates have a rough road past New Hampshire no matter what , unlike Rubio or Trump , who is the biggest challenge to Cruz .                                           
Both mum and baby recovered quickly , but it wasn ' t long before Laura spotted the image of the king in her picture .                                               
The other option is you ignore it completely and say ' it was only one time ' or in this case two times .                                                 
When I started to play in him as a holding midfielder we saw the quality that he can bring in that position .                                                   
For women age 34 , it ' s somewhat less , but not by much - 23 . 8 per cent .                                                     
You could use a credit card to buy the annual ticket if you are able to pay it back each month .                                                     
In their final game before the break , they were ahead , 3 - 2 , after two periods with Colorado and lost , 4 - 3 .                                         
The man and woman were known to each other , but police have been unable to establish if the children are related to the arrested couple .                                           
" I don ' t wish my people to rule another people life but I don ' t want to be ruled ," she says .                                             
I have to thank her for allowing me to play and sort of stay here with everything that was going on .                                                     
It leaves them level with second - placed Manchester City on points - but behind the 2013 - 14 champions on goal difference and two points above fourth - placed north London rivals Tottenham .                           
President Putin likely knows he will never be regarded as a legitimate partner by any mainstream president of the United States .                                                     
If selected chairman , Evans has said , he will seek to be the public face of a campaign to press the federal government to give Metro more money .                                     
As of November , the status of all of those who qualified for asylum since then is subject to review in three years to see whether it is safe for them to return to their home countries .                     
That ' s my No . 1 priority , just learning and improving as much as possible to play at the highest level .                                                 
In the winter crisis of 2000 , Tony Blair promised to bring the UK up to the EU average - and Labour did .                                                 
They could have tested some middle stage kind ( of device ) between an A - bomb and H - bomb , but unless they come up with any clear evidence , it is difficult to trust their claim .                 
Boris Johnson , the London mayor , is thought to have recommended a one - year extension of the Met chief ' s contract rather than a three - year one , but the final decision will be made by May .             
It wasn ' t the first time I had to talk to the nation in response to a mass shooting , nor would it be the last .                                         
They still rule there , but we call Vietnam an ally now , in a part of the world where we need friends .                                                 
The university is also reaching out to our campus community and the greater New River Valley community who may be affected by the events that have occurred over the past several days .                               
Hawaii is becoming the first state to raise its minimum age , from 18 to 21 , to buy or use cigarettes or e - cigarettes .                                           
I ' ve been saying it the whole year , he ' s got so much potential in him that once it comes out people will be impressed .                                       
And we are not there yet and we know perfectly that some countries don ' t want to do it , so we need to convince them .                                         
The former corporate lawyer , who has been enjoying a break and time with her family since her term ended , is making plans about what to do next .                                     
So now you want to put even more resources to stopping that drug , put more people into prison dealing in it ?                                                   
" You ' re not talking to police , you don ' t have to give your name and no one will call you back ," she said .                                       
The new Department of Health limits - which come into effect on Friday - replace the previous ones on drinking , which were set out 21 years ago .                                       
We learned a lot last year about how we respond to incidents so we get trains running again as quickly as possible .                                                   
She admitted to her friends she had hit a tree , but promised to take better care of her new car .                                                     
" Given all gun - related violence is of concern to us at armed crime , we are appealing to any witnesses and members of the public to come forward with any information ," he said .                       
The meeting came hours after the Prime Minister signed a deal in Brussels with his EU counterparts that he said would dramatically improve British relations with the bloc .                                       
The talks are the first step in an ambitious 18 - month plan , endorsed by the UN , to bring about a political transition in Syria .                                         
More than 100 participants have shown up for the association ' s information sessions on the end of the sanctions regime , it said .                                               
As long as you ' re playing well , it doesn ' t matter how old you are - and I ' m not old .                                             
They don ' t think that anything is going to happen them but as I joke with many young people in my life , you need insurance because you ' re living crazy .                             
" We ' re going to spend a lot of time in Michigan , we think that ' s a very important state for us ," Kasich said .                                       
You can see how the hole goes across in a line , almost as if it ' s moved with the sun .                                                   
He is mobile , fit , strong , aggressive and , for a young man , he looks comfortable and established on the pitch , which is always a sign of a very promising player .                         
Health visitors , protected until now , risk being next in the line of fire , now responsibility for the service is being transferred to councils .                                           
" We ' ve had quite a few new developments come on the market in the last five years in particular ," he said .                                               
In the states where they feel confident making a forecast already - South Carolina , Michigan and North Carolina - they predict Clinton will win .                                             
He noted that in recent years , when oil prices were high , the country could count on nearly $ 8 billion per month in oil revenue , compared with less than $ 3 billion last month .                     
The performance wasn ' t there to be honest , but the work rate is always there and when you have work rate you always get the success that you need , want and deserve .                         
It plans to pull out of Australia , Taiwan , South Korea , Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand and the Philippines , but will offer banking coverage for those countries from other locations .                             
That ' s only likely to be along the same borders that currently have them , unless the refugee routes move .                                                     
Northern Irish workers are paid the lowest of any in the whole of the UK on average , earning just 68 % of what workers in London get .                                       
Police are searching for at least one person who remains missing after a small plane crashed in the water off Long Island .                                                   
This has been pretty much his first 18 months on tour and he ' s had some negative press , but people have to understand he ' s a very emotional guy .                               
In an earnings call last year , Facebook executives said that one of every five minutes Americans spend on smartphones is spent on Facebook .                                               
The poll found Marco Rubio receiving 16 percent support , Ben Carson receiving 10 percent support , and all other candidates drawing less than 5 percent support .                                         
The extra hours would only be offered to working families where parents are employed for at least eight hours a week .                                                     
The previous talks in 2014 failed partly because Syria ' s government insisted on discussing " terrorism " before anything else , a label that it applied to all its opponents .                                 
It ' s worth it to get an extra $ 5 , 000 or $ 10 , 000 in your salary package after you negotiate .                                             
There was one Saturday night last season where we had just gotten back to our apartment after a home game .                                                       
But if history is any indication , one of these limited - release independent films could just be 2016 ' s best picture winner .                                               
The Lakers weren ' t a good team that season , although they weren ' t nearly as bad as their current 9 - 35 squad with which Bryant must finish his career .                             
The militants have turned to suicide bombings of soft targets since troops last year forced them out of towns and villages .                                                     
We have seen these changes during a period when the health service is in crisis , while social care services have been cut back .                                               
The Syrian conflict , which began in 2011 , has killed an estimated 250 , 000 people and displaced a further 11 million .                                                 
" The sentence was very severe , but it ' s normal for that region of the country ," he said .                                                     
The score was still 1 - 0 with 24 minutes remaining when the house fell in on the struggling hosts .                                                       
We can ' t just turn up and think this season is a write - off and there ' s nothing left to play for , because there is .                                     
May 24 - A spokesperson for South Korea ' s Defense Ministry says that based on analysis of commercial satellite images at North Korea ' s nuclear test site , North Korea appears ready to carry out a nuclear test at any time .         
The government was accused of allowing Google to pay too little , and it has been reported that the internet giant is facing a tax bill three times that size in France .                               
Sen . Ted Cruz , R - Texas , one of the 2016 presidential candidates , said the responsibility should fall to the next president .                                             
More than half also said they thought younger adults " don ' t like to think about older people having sex " and that they never discussed the topic with family and friends .                             
Speaking to the Birmingham Mail , she said : " It ' s very interesting this weekend that the Prime Minister was talking about diversity in university applications , and saying that our top institutions - not just universities - need to have diversity at the top .   
A new cross - party group that will campaign for the UK to leave the European Union is being launched .                                                       
If we do not get the right opportunities to develop our rugby , it ' s difficult to move up a level .                                                   
" If you can handle it at Celtic for four or five years , I think I ' ll cope with this OK ," he pointed out .                                         
The economy is an issue that voters care about but if you say the wrong thing or have the wrong answer about immigration it can harm your campaign .                                       
Until we understand the virus better , we will have to assume that getting infected during any stage of pregnancy should be avoided .                                                 
At the federal level , proposals for paid sick leave have failed in the Republican - controlled Congress , despite strong support from the Obama administration .                                           
There ' s no better opportunity than the Olympics and getting there has to be a main priority for us .                                                       
The results haven ' t been going our way in recent weeks , but we ' re creating enough chances to win games , especially the one down there .                                     
It is not clear from whom she bought the property , but her sister Anna and Murray lived there last year .                                                     
But it ' s no sure thing this will happen soon in Italy , a country with deep Catholic roots .                                                       
' We will take all necessary measures including additional sanctions by the UN Security Council so that the North will pay the price for the nuclear test ,' she said in a statement .                             
By 2020 , both men and women will have to wait until the age of 66 before they start to receive their state pension .                                               
" It ' s getting worse and worse and the Government ­ really needs to review its investment in rail ," he said .                                                 
That ' s encouraging for a company selling TV you can turn your brain off to - even if it won ' t exactly save the world .                                         
Some staff have been at the club for such a long time , they have dedicated lives to their job .                                                       
" One needs prison , and the other one needs treatment ," said Miller , whose husband and son have struggled with addiction .                                                 
As soon as I finish with one thing , it ' s all over for me and I ' m on to the next .                                               
We looked very solid in the last part of the season and that ' s something we want to do again now .                                                   
It is so - called for the tradition of Irish men taking on the household duties for the day , while women hold parties or go out with friends and female relatives to celebrate the occasion .                       
She added : " There were multiple occasions in the lead - up to William ' s death where there were missed opportunities to treat William .                                             
The 22 - year - old , also a Belgian citizen , has been charged with terrorist murder and participation in a terrorist organisation .                                               
No specific city deal projects have been identified yet , but it is expected to include better bus and train services as part of a Metro scheme .                                         
A Chinese vessel will set out for Australia on Sunday January 31 to join the search bringing to four the number of ships involved .                                               
The company plans to conduct its own review in addition to the police ' s investigation and will release any surveillance footage that may help .                                             
It ' s important to keep that in mind , I think , if you ' re building a company for your customers .                                                 
The co - production thing is quite damaging to the industry and I had something like five producers in three different countries all fighting with each other .                                         
She said he ' d have to wait for some time - only then did he realise that periods were monthly .                                                     
Sen . Marco Rubio , R - Florida , said Sunday that the Republican establishment " thought I needed to wait my turn or wait in line " to run for president , but he thought the situation in 2016 was too urgent to delay .     
The youngest victim was an 11 - year - old and six 12 - year - olds have also been targeted , figures from 35 forces show .                                         
David had always had my permission to have sex with people to the left of me and to the right of me - but not in front of me .                                     
And it ' s also the reason so many of them are still on the road - when something breaks , it ' s so simple to repair .                                       
We have been happy with the way he has been improving but we feel that other players are perhaps playing better than he is at the moment .                                         
In one recent case , a sentence for rape was increased from five and a half years to 12 years in prison .                                                   
Your mind is a powerful tool , so think positive thoughts and positive things will happen more often than not .                                                       
" People come in and spend $ 6 , 000 on a dining room table made on a farm in southern Virginia ," Scott said .                                             
But he decided after weeks of looking that it was cheaper to stay on the East Coast and fly out a couple of times each month .                                           
The meeting , called by the White House , will be held at a government building in San Jose , Calif .                                                     
To voters , the country ' s relationship with the U . S . is likely to be less important than Iran ' s domestic economy .                                           
If you were paying proper attention to the sound , you would have noticed that his singing was off - key and out of time , too .                                         
" It offered me safety and hope , hope that things can get better and change , and support at a time when I felt very vulnerable ," she said .                                   
This is potentially one of the most creative times of the year , a time when you can take an idea and turn it into something real and substantial .                                     
CNN ' s Anderson Cooper will ask the President several questions , including a deeper discussion of Obama ' s executive actions on guns announced Tuesday .                                           
" For the Saudi leadership , there will be no compromise with Iran ' s aggressive policy ," he said .                                                       
A lot of young people were there , the kinds of people the party establishment has been trying , and failing , to get excited about our candidates since Reagan was in office .                             
The US , Japan and South Korea have requested an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council later on Sunday .                                                       
We ' ve a strong culture here with a good work - life balance ; my style is tight - loose but hopefully it ' s a fun place to work .                                 
They were taking turns so one could be home with their 11 - year - old - son , the one who just said no to snow .                                         
In the 1 - 0 defeat up there , I thought we showed signs that we can be as good as them .                                                   
I struggled to get past what he has done and the only comfort I can get is that he will never be allowed to put another animal through this .                                     
They ' re young but we ' re confident that we ' ve got some good solid players that are going to keep developing .                                               
I ' m worried that 5 or 6 years down the road , or any day now , he ' ll wake up different .                                               
" As always there were a number of tight decisions , especially with a number of players not being available to play in recent weeks ," the coach said .                                     
" I saw the last couple of minutes when he was in that he was really trying to take over the game , and that ' s not him yet ," Scott said .                             
However , Ms Sturgeon stated that her government was protecting health services that she claimed the last Labour administration had been planning to cut .                                               
If it takes any longer than this , your new provider must start paying you the higher rate after 15 days .                                                     
Bloomberg , who served as the mayor of New York from 2002 - 2013 , has said repeatedly he would not run for president .                                               
We got into a routine with that and certainly did our best and tried within that space to not limit her ," Lisa said .                                               
The overall winner is not announced until Saturday 13 February but the best photographs from each category have been revealed , and are as stunning as you might expect .                                     
Here ' s the latest information you need to know about the Zika virus based on new reports by health officials .                                                     
This president came in under a theory that Secretary Clinton shares , which is that America is the cause of violence in the world .                                               
Both of those are taking the media world as source material , rather than the actual virtual world of a real landscape or person .                                               
Some of Obama ' s closest political allies want to hear more about gun control , income inequality and jobs .                                                       
I heard comments , people saying to me they didn ' t know if it was a band , a singer , they didn ' t know anything about it .                                   
I will also continue to work with all those with an interest to ensure that our land benefits the people of Scotland for generations to come .                                           
Most of my colleagues , and our school family , and the kids will tell you the same thing -- she was remarkable .                                                 
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning covering most of Wales , north - west England and West Scotland .                                                     
This trial should help it find its way , and show the world - and not only Africa - that it can conduct justice in a fair way .                                       
The boss just wants me to be patient and make a difference when the opportunity presents itself and that ' s what I ' ll try to do .                                       
The charity is launching a new campaign - It ' s Time - to raise awareness of the problems abused children face in getting help .                                             
Like the rest of Europe , Sweden has been struggling with the continent ' s biggest migration crisis since World War II .                                                   
